FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa

insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0011V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) — Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.

b)  Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0012V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 2 of 2

AN SECU CIBCICCCRCICACLSE cea
“INSURANCE REGULATORY AND

insleri DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA

Ref. No. IRDAI/INT/GDL/MISC/202/9/2022 Date: 28.09.2022

Guidelines in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directorship
among Intermediary or Insurance intermediary

I. The Authority is in receipt of more than one application from entities belonging to the same
group (Group shall be as defined under Section 2(g) of IRDAI (Investment) Regulations, 2016)
for Certificate of Registration (CoR) to act as an intermediary or insurance intermediary as
defined under Section 2(f) of IRDAI Act, 1999. To address the issue relating to conflict of
interest arising out of common directorship amongst registered intermediaries or insurance
intermediaries, the following guidelines are issued:

2. Where;

a. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, the Authority has granted/is
granting CoR for more than one entity under the same Group to act as an intermediary
or insurance intermediary.

b. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, there are common directors
existing/being appointed from within the same group companies or across groups.

the maximum number of directorship shall be as required under Section 165 of the Companies
Act, 2013.

3. Where common directors are appointed, in compliance to Section 165 of Companies Act,
2013, amongst intermediary or insurance intermediary under same group or different groups,
the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall ensure:

a. A Board approved policy to deal with transactions with related parties as defined under
Section 2 (76) of the Companies Act, 2013.

b. All related party transactions among the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall
comply with the provisions of Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable
Accounting Standard AS 18.

c. The Statutory Auditor of the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall certify the
compliance of the requirement under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 to IRDAI as
at the end of the financial year, by September 30 of the subsequent financial year.

\y

aa qf. 115/1, i Bere, THRTTST, ZetraTe-500 032, UIA Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad-500 032, India
© : +91-40-2020 4000 aararez : www.irdai, gov.in @ : +91-40-2020 4000 Website : www.irdai.gov.in
d. The Intermediary or insurance intermediary shall file a communication with IRDAI, on the
appointment of common director within 30 days of such appointment.

e. The common director(s) shall comply with the requirement under Section 184 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the disclosure shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

f, No common directors) of an intermediary or insurance intermediary shall hold the
position of KMP/CEO/ Principal Officer/Whole-time Director with another intermediary
or insurance intermediary. However, it is clarified that the person can hold the position
of non-Executive Director.

g. The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

h. The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

i. The intermediary or insurance intermediary which is appointing the common director
shall also inform the other intermediary or insurance intermediary wherever this director
is already on their board, for the purpose of compliance with these guidelines.

j. An undertaking to the Authority as per attached format, along with a copy of Board
Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions, shall be submitted by all the
intermediaries or insurance intermediaries where the common director is appointed on
the board.

4. These guidelines are issued in exercise of powers under clause (e) of sub section (2) of Section
14 of.the IRDA Act, 1999, and Regulation 32 of IRDAI (Registration of Corporate Agents)
Regulations, 2015.

This is issued with the approval of Competent Authority.

Chief Genetal Manager
fon company letter head)
Undertaking by CEO in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directors

We are a Corporate Agent/Insurance Broker/ (Intermediary or Insurance
Intermediary) holding the Certificate of Registration (CoR) bearing No i
CoR Category
directors.

valid till . We have the following common

PARTICULARS OF COMMON DIRECTORS
Name of Director
a DIN

Designation/
Role

Name of Insurance
Intermediary / Insurer

Designation/ Role

We submit, in respect of Board Approved Policy, Disclosure and Non-Executive role of the
common directors, the following:

(1) Board Approved Policy

a. We have put in place the Board Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions as
defined in Section 2(76) read with Section 188 of the Companies Act 2013, transacted
between intermediaries or insurance intermediaries who have been issued Certificate of
Registration (CoR) by IRDAI. Copy of the policy is submitted herewith.

b. All related party transactions between the intermediaries or insurance intermediaries will
be placed before the Board of the intermediaries as required under the Companies Act,
2013.

(ID ‘Disclosures :
a. The common director{s) shall provide general notice of disclosures of their nature of
interest and their relatives in accordance with provisions of Section 184 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

b. Disclosures provided by the common director(s) shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

Wa
cin

Non-Executive Role of Common Director{s):

The common director(s) is/are not holding the position of KMP, Principal Officer,
Whole-time Director or CEO in more than one intermediary or insurance intermediary.

Common director{s) has/have been appointed only as non-Executive Director(s) on the
Board of other intermediary(ies).

The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

We hereby undertake to ensure that conflict of interest situations are avoided at all times.

Place:
Date:

Signature of CEO
Name:
Seal
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

E-Bike Package Policy

UIN: IRDAN106P0002V01201112

This Policy is evidence of the contract between You and Us. The Proposal alongwith any
written statement of Yours for purpose of this Policy forms part of this contract.

This Policy witnesses that in consideration of Your having paid the premium, We will
insure Your insured vehicle(s) specified as operative in the Schedule during the Policy
Period and according We will indemnify you in respect of events occurring during the
Period of Insurance in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Policy provided that
all the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything
to be done or complied with by you have been met.

The Schedule shall form part of this Policy and the term Policy whenever used as
including the Schedule.

Any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of
this Policy or of Schedule shall bear such meaning whenever it may appear.

Your Policy is based on information, which You have given Us and the truth of these
information shall be condition precedent to Your right to recover under this Policy.

1. General Definitions -

1. Proposal
It mean any signed Proposal by filling up the questionnaires and declaration(s),
written statements and any information in addition thereto supplied to Us by You or
on Your behalf.

2. Policy
It means the Policy booklet, the Schedule and any applicable endorsement or
memoranda. Your Policy contains details of the extent of cover available to You,
what is excluded form the cover and the conditions, warranties, provisions on which
the Policy is issued.

3. Schedule
It means the latest Schedule issued by Us as part of Your Policy. It provides details
of Section(s), Extension(s) and Endorsement(s) of Your Policy which are in force,
and the level of cover you have. A revised schedule will be sent at each renewal.

4. Endorsement
It means any alteration made to the Policy which has been agreed to by Us in writing.

5. Sum Insured
It means the monetary amounts shown as Insured Declared Value alongwith any
other cost incurred in the purchase of Your vehicle.

E- Bike Package Policy -1-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

6. Insured Declared Value:-

a) The Insured’s is Declared Value of the Vehicle is deemed to be the Sum Insured
for the purpose of this policy and it will be fixed at the commencement of each
policy period for each Insured Vehicle.

b) The IDV is fixed on the basis of Manufacturer's listed selling price of the model,
alongwith that of side car, accessories and applicable aged wise depreciation or
any other criteria as agreed between you and us is applicable for the purpose of
Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss (TL/CTL) claims only. A vehicle will be
considered to be a CTL, where the aggregate cost of retrieval and/ or repair of
the Vehicle subject to the terms and condition of the policy exceeds 75% of the
IDV.

AGE OF THE VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION FOR
FIXING IDV
Upto 1 Year 10

1 Year to 2 Year
2 Year to 3 Year
3 Year to 4 Year
4 Year to 5 Year
Above 5 Year

7. We/Our/Us
It means Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company Limited.

8. You/Your/Yours
It means the persons/entities named as the Insured in the Schedule.

9. Insured Person
It means You, Your partners, directors and employee(s) working with you in
connection with your business, company.

10. What is Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are covered under the Policy and
for which We have liability in the event of claim occurrence.

11.What is Not Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are not covered under the Policy
and for which We have no liability in the event of claim occurrence.

12. Damage/Damaged
It means loss of or damage to the insured vehicle including accessories.

13. Accident/ Accidental
It means a fortuitous event or circumstance which is sudden, unexpected and
unintentional including resultant continuous intermittent or repeated exposure arising
out of the same fortuitous event or circumstance.

14. Excess
It means the first part of any claim for which You are responsible. Any Sum

E- Bike Package Policy -2-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

Insured/Limit will apply after the Excess has been deducted.

15. Geographical Limits
It means within Indian territory, unless otherwise specified.

16. Policy Period/Period of Insurance
It means the period commencing from the effective date and hour as shown in the

Schedule and terminating on the expiry date as shown in the Schedule.

17. Currency of the Policy
It means (for consideration of any claim) currency of that Section or part of Section,
extension(s), endorsement(s) to which the claim relates.

18. Additional Benefits
It means the coverage which are granted to You apart from the main covers under
the Section, for which no additional premium is required to be paid by you.

19. Extensions
It means optional coverages which are available to You apart from the main covers
and Additional Benefits under the Section, which You can choose to take on
payment of necessary additional premium.

20. Accessories
It means parts of your Vehicle which are not directly related to direct functioning of
the vehicle in its drive. This includes in-car entertainment, such as radios, and
communication equipment which form part of Your Vehicle, as well as portable
phones while they are connected to a power source in Your Vehicle, and also non
electrical/ electrical items such as seat cover, mats and/or other likewise furnishings.

21. Certificate of Insurance
It means the document issued by us in accordance with the existing applicable Rules
in force which proves that You have the motor insurance.

22. Event
It means any one event or series of events arising out of one common cause or
source in connection with the Motor Vehicle.

23. Claim
It means our liability to You under the Policy arising out of Event(s) covered under
the scope of the Policy.

24. Motor Vehicle
It means the vehicle We are insuring for You. This includes standard tools, options
and accessories while they are in or on Your Vehicle.

25. Driver
It means any person including You who whilst driving at the time of accident is above
16 (Sixteen) years in age.

E- Bike Package Policy -3-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
26. Terrorism
Any act including, but not limited to, use of force or violence and / or the threat
thereof, of any person or groups of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
connection with any organization or government, committed for political, religious,
ideological or similar purpose, including the intention to influence any government
and / or to put the public, or any section of the public in fear.

COVERAGE
Section 1. - Own Damage
WHAT IS COVERED

In the event of damage caused by Insured
perils listed hereunder and subject to its

not

being otherwise excluded, We will

indemnify you against such damage to
your insured Vehicle,

Insured Perils:-

1.

2.
3.
4

8.
9.
10.
11.

12.

Fire

Lighting

Explosion, Self Ignition

Theft, Theft or Attempted Theft
involving violent and forcible means,
Robbery, Dacoity

Riot and Strike

Earthquake (Fire and shock damage)
Flood, Typhoon, Hurricane, Strom,
Tempest, Inundation, Cyclone,
Hailstorm, Frost.

Accidental external means.

Malicious Act

Terrorist Activity

Whilst in transit by Road, Rail, Inland
Waterway, Lift, Elevator or Air
Landslide, Rockslide

WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for:-
1. a) An excess 5% of the claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs,. 250/-
(Two Hundred and Fifty) in case of
partial loss claims.

b) An excess of 5% of the claim
amount subject to a minimum of Rs.
1000/- (One Thousand) only in case of
total loss claims.

Damage to tyres and tubes unless the
vehicle is damaged at the same time.
Damage to accessories by Insured
peril No. 4; unless the vehicle is stolen
at the same time.

Any accidental damage suffered whilst
the driver driving the vehicle with Your
knowledge and consent is under the
influence of intoxicating liquor or
drugs.

Wear and tear:-

Damage caused by wear and tear,
depreciation and/or gradual
deterioration.

Mechanicall Electrical Breakdowns,
failure or breakages.

Consequential loss:-

Consequential loss of any kind or
description including any reduction of
Market Value beyond the cost of repair
or replacement

Matching of Items:-

The cost of repair or replacement of
any undamaged or unbroken items or
item forming part of a set of items or
other items of uniform nature, colour
or design when the damage or
breakage occurs within a_ clearly
identifiable area or to a specific part
and replacement can not be matched

E- Bike Package Policy
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112

Com]

‘Muskurate Raho

Section 2 —- Liability to Third Party
WHAT IS COVERED

We will indemnify You in the event of an
accident caused by or arising out of the
use of insured vehicle against all sums
including claimant’s costs and expenses
which you shall become legally liable to
pay in respect of :-

1. Accidental death of or bodily injury to
any person.

2. Damage to property other than the
property belonging to you or in your
custody, control.

We will also pay all the costs and

expenses incurred with our consent.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for
1. An excess of 5% of claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs. 250/-
(Two hundred fifty only).

. Any claim towards insured person or
their family in/on the insured vehicle.

. Any claim arising from the Employer's
liability or contractual liability or
through special promises made by
insured person or on their behalf.

. Any claim liability arising directly or

indirectly from or due to:

a) Any wilful malicious or unlawful
act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

. Any death, injury or damage caused or
arising beyond the limits of any
carriageway or thorough fare in
connection with the bringing of the
load to the vehicle or loading thereon
or the taking away of the load from the
vehicle after unloading there from.
1.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Subject to the terms and conditions, limitations of the indemnity granted by this
section to you, We will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle with your
consent, provided that such driver shall as though he/she was the insured, observe,
fulfill and be subject to the terms, exception and conditions of this policy in so far as
they apply.

In the event of death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy, We will in
respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal
representative in terms of and subject to the limitation of this Policy provided that
such personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured
observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions and the condition of this Policy
in so far as they apply.

We may at our own option

a) arrange for representation at any Inquest or fatal inquiry in respect of any death
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and

b) undertake the defence of proceeding in any court of law in respect of any act or
alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of
indemnity under this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -5-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
“puskurate Rake
Section 3. Personal Accident
Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.
WHAT IS COVERED

We undertake to pay compensation for
bodily injury/death sustained by the
insured person(s) in direct connection with
the insured vehicle whilst mounting into/
dismounting from or travelling in/on the
insured vehicle caused by violent,
accidental external means — which
independent of any other cause shall
within six calendar months of such injury
result in death or disablement as described
in the table below.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for

1. Any claim arising from or due to
a) Any willful malicious or unlawful

act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

2. Any claims arising or resulting from a
traceable to intentional self injury,
suicide or attempted suicide, physical
defect or infirmity.

3. Any claim exceeding the sum of Rs 1
lac in respect of any Insured person.

4. More than one Claim in respect of
items (i) to (iv) as described in the
table.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
IFFCO-TOKIO

muskurate Raho

Section 3. Personal Accident

Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.

Nature of injury

| (i) Death

(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb
and sight of one eye .

(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye

(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other
than named above.

Scale of compensation

100%

100%

50%

100%

GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
6.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Confiscation:-
Any Damage due to confiscation, commandeering, requisition, detention or
destruction by order of any Goverernment or lawfully constituted authority.

Nuclear Risk:-

Any Damage to insured vehicle, consequential loss, legal liability or bodily injury,

illness, disease directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising form:

a) lonising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from
any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel.

b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or hazardous properties of any nuclear assembly
or nuclear component.

Existing Damage:-
Any damage, injury, accident, disease or illness occurring before the cover
commences under the Policy.

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS:-

1. Insured Vehicle requisition by Government (Applicable to Section 1 and 2)
If your insured vehicle is requisitioned by the Government, they will automatically be
held covered during the period of requisition and we will pay you for any damage
during that period if any, in excess of the amount(s) made by the Government
2. Transportation of Damaged Vehicle (Applicable to Section 1
In the event of Vehicle disabled by reason of Damage covered under the Policy, we
will pay you the reasonable cost of protection and removal to nearest repairer and
redelivery to you but not exceeding in all Rs 500/- (Five Hundred) in respect of any
one Accident
3. Temporary Repairs (Applicable to Section 1
You may authorize the repair of the insured vehicle necessitated by damage covered
under the Policy provided that:-
a) The estimated cost of such repair including replacement, if any does not exceed
Rs. 1000/- (One Thousand) for any one Accident;
b) You furnish us with a detailed estimation of the cost of repairs;
c) In our opinion, such repair or replacement is necessary and the charges are
reasonable.
EXTENSIONS

IME. 1. Accessories

(Items fitted in or on the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer's listed selling price
of the vehicle)

We will pay you for damage to such Accessories both Electrical/Electronic and non
electrical/ electronic as specified in the schedule whilst it/these, is/are fitted in or on the
vehicle insured where such damage is due to any of the insured perils mentioned in the

policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -7-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
E IFFCO-TOKIO ]
suakvrate Rake
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for damage to accessories due to Electrical/Mechanical breakdown.

IME. 2. Reliability Trials and Rallies

We will pay you for accidental damage to the vehicle whilst the vehicle insured _ is
ENGAGE” IN 0... eee ceeeeeeeee *. to be held at ........ **...on or about the date of ..../../ ........
under the auspices of ... sees ee

WHAT IS NOT COVERED:-
We will not be liable during the period of such reliability Trails and Rallies for

(a) Any damage to vehicle of ................. # (Promoters of Event)

(b) Accident Damage of the Insured Vehicle during the use for organized racing,
pace making or speed testing.

(c) Death of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or
getting on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of
the event out of which any claim arises.

(d) An @XxCeSS Of RS.(......cccccc cece eec eee e eee neeneeneeen eae ) under the section 1 of the policy

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

If we make any payment in settlement of any claim, and such payment includes the
amount for which you are responsible by reason of this Extension, you will repay to
us forthwith the amount for which you are so responsible.

* To insert the name of the event.
** To insert the venue of the event.
# To insert the name of the Promoters of the event.

GENERAL CONDITIONS

1. Reasonable Precaution and Care of Motor Vehicle:-

a) You shall take all reasonable precautions for safety and soundness of insured
vehicle and to prevent damage in order to minimise claims. You must comply
with manufacturer's recommended actions for inspection and maintenance and
shall also comply with all statutory requirements or other regulations and will
employ only competent employees.

b) We shall have at all time free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part
there of and/or any driver or your employee.

c) In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left
unattended without proper precautions being undertaken to prevent further
damage and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected,
any extension of the damage or any further damage to the vehicle shall be
entirely at your own risk.

2. Notice:-
You will give every notice and communication in writing to Our office through which
this insurance is effected.

E- Bike Package Policy -8-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
3. Mis-Description:-
This Policy shall be void and all premium paid by you to Us shall be forfeited in the
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or concealment/non-disclosure of any
material information.

4. Change in Circumstances:-

You must inform Us, as soon as reasonably possible, of any change in information
you have provided to Us about yourself, your Business, Your employees and/or your
vehicle, and driver, location which may affect the insurance cover provided e.g.
change in colour, fitting of extra installation etc. You must also notify Us about
alteration made or change in information as described aforesaid whereby risk of
Damage or Accident is increased. In case of such alteration or changes made and
not accepted by Us in writing, all covers under this Policy shall cease.

5. Claim Procedure and Requirements:-
An event, which might become a claim under the Policy, must be reported to Us as
soon as possible. A written statement of the claim will be required and a Claim form
will be provided. This written statement of claim along with supporting documentation
(estimates, vouchers, invoices, proof, investigation report and the like) prepared at
your expenses along with particulars of other insurance covering the same risk must
be delivered to Us within 15 days of date of Damage.

The Police must be informed of any theft, attempted theft or Damage caused by
rioters, strikers, malicious persons or vandals or of any other criminal act. They must
also be informed of the loss of any subject matter of risk. You shall also take
practicable steps to apprehend the guilty person and recover the vehicle and/or its
accessories lost.

If any person is claiming against you, your family or your employee, every letter,
claim writ, summon, process information or any verbal notice of claim shall be
forwarded to Us without delay. You, Your Family or any person on your behalf must
not attempt to negotiate any claim, nor admit or repudiate any claim without Our
consent. You shall give all possible assistance to enable Us to settle or resist any
claim or to institute proceedings.

6. Claim Control:-
a) Weare entitled to:

i) enter any place under your control where Damage has occurred and take
possession of the such place and insured vehicle or any accessory(s) and
deal with salvage, but this does not mean that vehicle can be abandoned to
Us.

ii) receive all necessary information, proof of Damage and assistance from You
and from any other person seeking benefit under this Policy.

iii) take over and conduct in your name or any person seeking benefit under this
Policy, defence or settlement of any claim.

iv) take proceedings at Our own expenses and for Our own benefit, but in Your
name or any other person who is claiming or has received benefit, to recover
any payment made or due under this Policy.

b) No admission, offer, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by you or on
your behalf without our written consent.

E- Bike Package Policy -9-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year
Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year
Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year
Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

70%
E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year

Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year

Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year

Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

Nil

5%

10%

15%

25%
35 %

50%

70%

E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
9.

10.

11.

‘muskurate Rake

Fraud:-
If a claim is fraudulent on account of fraudulent means or action used by You or on
Your behalf, all benefits and rights under this Policy shall be forfeited.

Contribution:-
If, when any claim arises, there is any other insurance covering the same matter
(property, interest, liability, cost), We will pay only our rateable proportion.

Cancellation:-

We may cancel this Policy by sending 7 (Seven) days notice in writing by recorded
delivery to You at Your last Known address. You will then be entitled to a pro-rata
refund of premium for the un-expired period of this Policy from the data of
cancellation, which we are liable to pay on demand.

In the event of no claim preferred on us, You may cancel this Policy by sending
7(Seven) days written notice to Us. We will then allow a refund after retaining the
premium based on following short period table.
Period of Cover upto

1 Month

3 Month

6 Month
Refund of Annual Premium
Rate (%)

75%

50%

25%

Exceeding 6 month Nil

Any refund of the premium is subject to retention of minimum premium of Rs. 100/-
(One Hundred).

12. Arbitration:-
Should any dispute arise between Us and you on quantum of amount payable
(liability being admitted by Us), such dispute will be referred to Arbitrator to be
appointed in accordance with statutory provisions of the country in force at the time,
Further, ifMwhen and dispute is referable/referred to Arbitration, the making of an
award by Arbitrator(s) shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit by
you against Us.

Disclaimer Clause:-

If We shall disclaim Our liability in any claim, and such claim shall not have been
made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law within 12 months from the date of
disclaimer, then the claims shall for all purposes be deemed to have been
abandoned and shall not thereafter under this Policy.

13. No sum payable under this Policy shall carry any interest/penalty.

14. All claims shall be settled in India Rupees.

E- Bike Package Policy -11-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
15.

16.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Jurisdiction of Court:-
The provision of this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being
in force. The parties hereto unconditionally subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts in
India.

Legal Representative: -

In the event of the death of any person as mentioned in the schedule the sole
insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of
three months from the date of the death of such person or until the expiry of this
policy (whichever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of the such sole
person insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply
to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance
policy for the Motor Vehicle.

Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new
policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to Us accordingly
within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by:-

a) Death Certificate in respect of the such sole person insured
b) Proof of title to the vehicle
c) Original Policy.

WARRANTIES

It is warranted —

1. That Our liability for any one claim in respect of any insured vehicle including
accessories specified in the Schedule including any additional costs and
expenses payable in connection with that insured vehicle (unless specifically
expressed as being payable in addition to the Sum Insured) shall not exceed the
Sum Insured set against such vehicle or in the whole the total sum Insured or
such other sum(s) as may be substituted for it by Endorsement signed by on Our
behalf.

2. That whenever Your vehicle is left unattended, the vehicle will be properly
secured and all keys for the vehicle shall be kept in safe custody. It is provided
that breach of this warranty shall not be a bar to any claim for loss or damage
caused other than by Insured peril (No.) 4 under “what is covered”

3. The insured Vehicle including accessories:
a) maintained in a good and substantial state of repair.
b) used for private use as defined in “limitation as to use” in the schedule

4. All the coverages under this policy including those mentioned in the Additional
Benefits, Extension are subject to perils, the terms, conditions, definitions,
warranties, exclusion(s) unless mentioned otherwise.

E- Bike Package Policy -12-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
co,

ENDORSEMENT

IMG. 1. Hire Purchase Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ........... (hereinafter referred to as the Owners)
are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is subject of an Hire
Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one part and You on the
other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Owners are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to us in respect of such damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect
Your rights and liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy.

IMG. 2. Lease Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ................6 (hereinafter referred to as the
Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the
subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and You on
the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Lessors as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to Us in respect of such loss or damage. It is also understood and
agreed that notwithstanding any provision in the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this
policy is issued to You namely .............. as the principal party and not as agent or
trustee and nothing herein contained shall be construed as constituting You as an agent
or trustee for the Lessors or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by You to the
Lessors, of his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein
shall be construed as_ creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue We in
any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the
rights and liabilities of the insured or We respectively under or in connection with this
Policy.

IMG. 3. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement

It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated
With ...... eee (hereinafter referred to as the "Pledgee") and it is further understood
and agreed that the Pledgee is_ interested in any monies which but for this
Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy in respect of such loss or
damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement
of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as they are the Pledgee
of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to Us in respect
of such loss or damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or affect

Your the rights or liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy or
any term, provision or condition thereof.

Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -13-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
FH

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third part
insurance policy for two wheelers’

Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection for bundled cover for Two wheelers
Wording
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223

In the event of accidental damage / loss to the insured vehicle under section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/
Standalone Motor OD Policy, we will indemnify for the Equated Monthly Installments (EMI) due, subject to following
conditions:

1. The EMls will be paid by us, as per the option chosen by the Insured and mentioned on the schedule, based
on the number of days the insured vehicle remains in the garage and the time excess (No.of Days beyond
which IFFCO-Tokio is liable to pay)of the chosen option.

2. The EMls will be paid from the date and time the repair work commences at authorized garage with due
approval from IFFCO-Tokio after the insured vehicle is made available for repair. If spare parts are not
available, then those number of days will not be accounted for.

3. This cover is available only in policies attached with Endorsement IMT -7 of India Motor Tariff (Vehicles
Subject to Hypothecation Agreement)

4. The loan account statement and the amortization schedule as on date of claim from the financial institution or
bank is submitted to Us.

5. The number of days at the garage would be calculated till the date that the repairs have been completed and
vehicle is ready for re-inspection.

6. This Add-On shall not be transferred in the event of sale of vehicle.

7. The cover under this Add-On is available only for one claim incident during the policy period.

What is not covered:
We will not be liable for:
1. Any amount which is due because of default or non-payment or delayed payment.
2. Any other consequential loss or charges associated with the loan payment such as late payment
charges, pre-payment charges or other documentation charges.
3. Unless the loan statement account from the financial institution or bank is submitted.
4. Any claim if the vehicle is assessed as Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss, unless otherwise
agreed by us.
5. Any claim where the Auto Loan is closed by the Insured prior to the date of loss during the policy
period.
6. Any claim which is non-admissible under Section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/ Standalone
Motor OD Policy

Wording — Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection Page 1of1
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg No. 106

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa
insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording
Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223

What is covered: -

We will pay you for the cost of replacement of your damaged or destroyed Helmet or its child parts (of same type, make and size) in the
event of loss or damage to it due to the following perils:

Accidental damage

Fire, Lightening, Riot, Strike, Malicious Act, Terrorist activity
Flood, Inundation, Storm, Hurricane, Typhoon, Earthquake
Theft along with Insured Vehicle

The loss or damage to the helmet due to the above perils must be as a result of an accident / Theft of the Insured vehicle and its claim
being admissible under the own damage section of the policy.

Terms and conditions:

Only 1 (one) claim per policy year shall be payable under this add-on.

Only 1 (one) helmet which confirms to the prevailing safety standards laid down by the government or public local authority can be
covered under the add-on.

3. Deductible: 5% of the sum insured of helmet subject to a minimum of Rs 250/-.

4. All replacements to be from manufacturer authorized service center.

5. Original bill of the purchase of replacement items required.
6

7

ie

The broken/damaged helmet should be surrendered to Us in case of damage.
Maximum liability shall be limited to the Sum Insured specified in the schedule.

What is not covered :

1. No claim is admissible where the Insured helmet did not confirm to the safety standards laid down by the Government or public
local authority.

2. No claim for helmet shall be admissible unless there is an admissible claim for the vehicle insured.

3. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet and its damaged items are not available for inspection, if required.(not for theft claims)

4. We will not pay for any claim if Theft of helmet (along with the insured vehicle) has not been reported to the Police and written
confirmation has not been received.

5. Any damage due to deterioration, wear and tear, minor scratching or loss of aesthetic value of the helmet shall not be payable.

6. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet is Insured under any other Policy.

Definition of Helmet - Helmet means a protective head gear in terms of section 129 of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988.

Wording — Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers Page 1 of 1
UIN:IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg. No. 106

Vine jy Tee Aer de feo toe

Azadi xa ES INSURANCE REGULATORY AND
Amrit Mahotsav incleii, DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA
Ref: IRDAI/F&I/GDL/MISC/219/10/2022 Date: 17 October, 2022

Guidelines on Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India by an

Insurance Company registered outside India

The Authority (IRDAI) had laid down framework for approval of opening of Liaison Office
in India by Insurance Companies registered outside India (Overseas Insurer), vide circular
ref: 30/IRDA/CIR/Lia Off/Dec-05 dt. 07.12.2005 and the Guidelines for closure of Liaison
Office established in India by Overseas Insurer, issued vide ref: IRDA/024/Closure-
FLO/2007-08 dt. 17.07.2007. The stipulations/ directions have been reviewed and the
following guidelines are issued on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India
by an Insurance Company registered outside India’. These guidelines shall be effective
from the date of issue and shall supersede all the earlier instructions/guidelines issued
on the subject by the Authority.

1. Liaison Office

A “Liaison Office” (LO) would mean a place of office to act as a channel of communication
between the Principal place of business or Head Office (HO) by whatever name called of
an Overseas Insurer and entities in India but which does not undertake any commercial/
trading/ soliciting/ industrial activity, directly or indirectly, and maintains itself out of foreign
remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking channels.

2. Eligibility norms for opening a Liaison office:

The Overseas Insurer applying for opening of LO should have a financially sound track
record. A profit making track record during the immediately preceding three financial
years in the home country and net worth of not less than USD 65 million shall be the
minimum requirement for applying for opening a Liaison office in India. (Net worth shall
mean Total of paid-up capital and free reserves, less intangible assets as per the latest
Audited Balance Sheet or Account Statement certified by a Certified Public Accountant
or Chartered Accountant or any Registered Accounts Practitioner by whatever name
called of the home country).

a4 4, 1151, wreefdrra Riera, aTHTTET, SaTTATA-500 032, sea | Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanaktamguda, Hyderabad-600 032, India
© :+91-40-20204000 sarge : www.irdai.gov.in ® : +91-40-20204000 Website: www.irdai.gov.in
3. Application and Approval process:

a) The Overseas Insurer desirous of opening a Liaison office shall apply to the

b

aS

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in Form IRDAI-FIC-1
(Annexure |), along with the following documents. A processing fee of 6000 USD
(non-refundable) by way of DD/Pay Order or through online transfer in favour of
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India shall be paid along with

the application.

i. Copy of Certificate of registration of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country insurance regulator).

ii. | Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country authority).

iii | Details of subsidiaries and associate companies.

iv. Copies of Memorandum and Articles of Association or any other charter
document.

v. Copy of latest Audited Financial statements.

vi. Certificate from the home country insurance regulator that the applicant is
duly authorized as an insurer and is permitted to open a Liaison office in
India.

vii. A Letter of Comfort from applicant Overseas Insurer confirming to provide
necessary financial support to Liaison office (Annexure Il).

viii. A Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant Overseas Insurer
confirming the authorization provided to the Authorized official for signing
and submitting Form IRDAI-FIC-1.

The Authority shall, after exercising due diligence in respect of the applicant
Overseas Insurer's background and satisfying itself regarding adherence to the
eligibility criteria for establishing LO, grant approval for opening of LO or reject the
application. An applicant whose application for grant of approval for opening of
Liaison Office is rejected by the Authority, may approach the Authority for review
of its decision within 30 days from the date of receipt of the communication.
c)

d

7

g)

The Authority, before granting approval for opening of LO, may seek the views of
Ministry of External Affairs, in respect of an application received from Overseas

Insurer incorporated in a country, which shares land border with India.

The validity of an approval granted by the Authority shall be for a period of three
years. An Overseas Insurer may request the Authority for extension of the approval
for another one year. The Authority may consider such request, provided the LO
has complied with all the terms and conditions stipulated in these guidelines and
communicated by the Authority in the initial approval letter. The application for
extension has to be submitted with all the information as given in IRDAI-FIC-1
format mentioning “Application for Extension of validity of Liaison Office”, at least
two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the first approval, along with
a processing fee (non-refundable) of USD 2500

The permission granted for opening / extension of LO shall be subject to such

additional terms and conditions as may be stipulated by the Authority from time to
time.

An Overseas Insurer which has been granted approval by the Authority for opening
of LO in India shall establish such office within six months from the date of approval
of the Authority. In case such office is not established within a period of six months,
the approval granted by the Authority shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

Overseas Insurers which have opened/started Liaison Offices in India within a
period of three years prior to the date of these guidelines may apply for extension
of approval for a further period of one year in terms of these guidelines.

Overseas Insurers which have been already granted an extension of approval to
continue their Liaison offices and have been operating their LOs for more than
3 years as on the date of these guidelines shall close the LO within a period of six
months in terms of these guidelines.
4. Permitted activities for a Liaison Office of Overseas Insurer in India:

a)
b)

¢)

Representing the Overseas Insurer in India.
Carrying out market research/ feasibility study in the field of insurance.
Acting as a communication channel between the Overseas Insurer and entities in

India.

5. Conditions for Approval:

a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

9)

The LO shall not carry on any activity other than the activity for which approval has
been granted by IRDAI.

The entire expenses of the LO in India will be met exclusively out of the inward
foreign remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking
channels.

The LO in India shall not borrow or lend any money from/ to any person in India
nor shall it accept deposits in India.

The LO in India shall not acquire, hold, (otherwise than by way of lease for a period
not exceeding three years) transfer or dispose of any immovable property in India.
The LO in India shall not enter into any contracts, except to the extent required for
the purpose of the normal functioning of the LO for which the approval is granted
by IRDAI.

The LO in India will not have any signing/ commitment powers, except to the extent
required for normal functioning of the office, on behalf of the Head Office.

The LO in India shall obtain Permanent Account Number (PAN) from the Income
Tax Authorities on setting up their office in India.

The LO in India shall register with the Registrar of Companies (ROCs) if such
registration is required under the Companies Act, 2013.

The LO in India and the Overseas Insurer shall be required to comply with the
terms and conditions of the General Permission granted by RBI under the Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and any other law in force, as amended from

time to time.
i)

The LO in India shall have to strictly obey and respect the laws in force in India
and there shall be no compromise or excuse for ignorance of the Indian legal
system in any manner.

Principal Officer of LO in India shall act as a Nodal officer and shall be responsible
for ensuring compliance of these guidelines and any other directions issued by the
Authority from time to time. Name, Address, Contact No. and E-mail Id of the
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
appointment. Any change in the Principal Officer / change in contact details of
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
such change.

The officials of a Liaison office of Overseas Insurer shall not participate in the
management of any other entity in India.

m) In case of any regulatory action initiated by the home country insurance regulator

q)

on the Overseas Insurer, LO shall inform the details to IRDAI within 15 days from
the date of action initiated.

The approval for Liaison Office granted to an entity shall not be transferable to
another entity under any circumstances including on account of
acquisitions/mergers.

Change in the name of the existing LO may be permitted by the Authority, if an
application to this effect is filed along with the Board resolution and relevant
documents/certificate from the home country insurance regulator.

Where change in name is requested on account of acquisitions or mergers
involving change in ownership, the acquired entity or new entity is required to apply
afresh by closing the existing LO. At any point of time, not more than one LO under
the same management of the Overseas Insurer shall operate in India.

The activities/ affairs of LO may be verified/ examined by IRDAI by carrying out an
inspection/investigation as and when found necessary.

Any adverse findings reported by an auditor or noticed by the HO in respect of the
LO shall be reported to the Authority within 15 days of such findings.
6. Books and Records to be maintained by LO:

a)

b)

c)

LO shall maintain only one bank account for its receipts and payments. If the
existing LOs have opened multiple bank accounts as on the date of these
guidelines, such accounts shall be closed within 3 months or seek specific
approval from IRDAI justifying the reasons to have multiple bank accounts.
Proper books of accounts and records reflecting the funds received from HO and
expenses incurred by the LO shall also be maintained.

A Balance Sheet, Statement of Income and Expenditure and a Statement of
Receipts and Payments (Cash Flow Statement) signed by an independent
Chartered Accountant and the Principal Officer of the Liaison Office in India shall
be furnished to the Authority within 60 days from the end of every financial year.

7. Annual Activity Certificate by LO:

a) The LO shall submit Annual Activity Certificate (Annexure III), from an independent

Chartered Accountant or the Company Secretary certifying that

the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority,

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the
remittances received from HO for the said purpose,

there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and
any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal
operations of the LO.
b) The Annual Activity Certificate shall be furnished to the Authority by the LO within 60
days from the end of financial year along with a statement showing details of the research
activities/studies undertaken and the information/reports shared with the HO during the

reporting financial year by the LO, duly certified by the Principal officer of the LO.

c) All Liaison offices existing on the date of these guidelines shall be liable to furnish the

returns/reports/certificates to the Authority as specified in these guidelines.

8. Closure of LO

a) Requests for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted to the Authority in form IRDA-
FIC-2 (Annexure IV), at least two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the

approval.

b) The LO shall, at least two months before the closure of its operations in India, publish
a public notice informing the proposed closure of its operations in India, in at least one
English daily newspaper circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India and in

one newspaper published in the regional language of the state where the LO is situated.

c) The application for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted along with the following
documents:

i) Copy of IRDAI’s permission for establishing the Liaison office in India.

ii) Copy of the public notices issued in the newspapers informing the proposed closure

of LO’s operations in India.

iii) An independent Chartered Accountant's certificate:

1. Indicating the manner in which the remittable amount has been arrived at and
supported by a statement of assets and liabilities of the LO and indicating the
manner of disposal of assets;

2. Certifying that all liabilities in India such as taxes/duties, arrears of gratuity and
other benefits to employees, rent, etc. of the office have been either fully met or
adequately provided for;

3. Certifying that no proceeds accruing from sources outside India have remained
un-repatriated to India
iv) Confirmation from the Overseas Insurer that no legal proceedings in any court in
India are pending against the Liaison Office and there is no legal impediment to the
closure/ remittance.

v) A report from the Registrar of Companies regarding compliance with the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, in case of winding up of the LO in India, wherever applicable.

d) Approval for closure and remittance of proceeds shall be granted provided the Liaison
Office has submitted the Annual Activity Certificate for all the years for which it was in
operation in India. The remittances shall be made subject to the terms and conditions of
RBI / FEMA/ CBDT directions in force from time to time.

e) The Authority shall grant approval for Closure of an LO of an Overseas Insurer and
shall also intimate the RBI regarding Closure of the LO.

f) If the Overseas Insurer intends to open a branch office (FRB) or form a joint
venture/subsidiary for insurance operations in India, the existing LO in India, if any, of the
Overseas Insurer shall be closed down at the time of obtaining the approval for opening

of the branch office (FRB) / joint venture entity / subsidiary from the Authority.

g) Overseas Insurer having LO in India and also a joint venture partner in insurance
company in India on the date of issue of these guidelines, shall close the LO within six
months from the date of issue of these guidelines. Application for closure of LO has to be
submitted to the Authority along with the required documents, at least two months before
the end of the six months’ period.

9. Action in case of default or non-compliance:

a. If any LO, which is required under these guidelines, or other instructions/guidelines
issued by the Authority from time to time, -
i. to furnish any document, statement, account, return or report to the Authority,
fails to furnish the same;
ii. does not cooperate the inspection/investigating Authority appointed by
IRDAI/RBI/Govt. of India; or
iii, to comply with the directions, fails to comply with such directions;
iv. fails to comply with the terms and conditions of approval granted by the
Authority;

the Authority may, at any time, withdraw the approval granted to LO. The Authority
shall seek an explanation and provide an opportunity of being heard to the LO, before
withdrawal of such approval.

b. The Authority may also direct the Overseas Insurer to remove the Principal Officer
of the LO in India and share the action initiated against the LO of the Overseas

Insurer with the home country insurance regulator.

These guidelines are issued by the Authority under the provisions of section 14 (1) of the
IRDA Act, 1999.

4

—T
~ Member (F&I)
Annexure |
IRDAI-FIC-1

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for establishing a Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Full Name of the Insurance Company

Place and Date of Incorporation (Copy of Certificate of
Incorporation to be enclosed)

Registration No. (Copy of Certificate of Registration by
Home Country Insurance Regulator to be enclosed)
Countries in which the company and its subsidiaries

2 operate
3 No. of liaison offices operated in other countries
D Financial Position

Sthhatiia af than annlinant RAmRARnY (Ciemill imitaAd
Certificate from the home country insurance regulator
that the applicant is duly authorized as an insurer and
is permitted to open a Liaison Office in India.

2

Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant
comnany confirming the authorization provided to the

We hereby declare that:

i) The particulars given above are true and correct to the best of our knowledge and belief;

ii) We shall confine our activities in India to the fields indicated in column G 2 above;

iii) We shall abide by the terms and conditions that may be stipulated by Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India, if approval is given;

iv) Liaison office and its officials will not directly or indirectly involve in the process of
business solicitation.

Place: (Signature of Authorized Official of the Applicant Company)
Name:
Date: Designation:

12
Annexure II

Format of the Letter of Comfort

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowili,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,
Sub: Application for establishment of Liaison office in India

This has reference to our application dt. submitted to the Authority for
establishment of Liaison Office in India.

2. In this connection, we, (the applicant company) undertake
to provide the necessary financial support for our Liaison office in India. Any liability that

may arise due to the functioning of the Liaison office in India will be met by us in case of
inability on part of the Liaison office to do so.

3. We are also enclosing the financial background of our company in the form of our latest
three years Audited Financial Statements certified by a Certified Public Accountant /
Chartered Accountant.

Yours faithfully,

( )
Authorized official of the Applicant Company

Place: Name:

Date: Designation:

13
Annexure III

Format of Annual Activity Certificate for Liaison office of Insurance company

registered outside India

Annual Activity Certificate of Liaison office of Insurance
company

for the Financial Year

This certificate has been issued in connection with Clause 7 of IRDAI Guidelines
ref: dt. on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in
India by an Insurance Company registered outside India” in respect of Liaison

Office of (Name of the Insurance company) functioning at
(Address of Liaison office).

A) Statement showing details of the research activities/studies undertaken and the
information/reports shared with the Head Office (HO) during the reporting financial
year by the Liaison office (LO), duly certified by the Principal officer of
the LO, is attached herewith.

B) On the basis of records produced and explanations provided to us, we hereby
certify that

a) the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority

toy
~~

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the receipts
received from HO for the said purpose,

c) there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

d) the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from. HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and

any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,

14
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

e) the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal

operations of the LO.

Place: Chartered Accountant/Company Secretary
Name:

Date:
Membership No.

15
Annexure IV

IRDAI-FIC-2

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for Closure of Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Name of the Insurance company

Details

Declaration:

We hereby declare that the particulars given above and the documents submitted
herewith are true and correct to the best of my / our knowledge and belief.

Place: (Signature of Principal officer of Liaison office)
Date: Name:

Documents attached:

16
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

MARINE HULL WAR RISK INSURANCE POLICY

Policy No
Issuing Office

WHEREAS the ASSURED named in the schedule hereto, have represented to IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance
Company Ltd. ( hereinafter called the ‘Company’) that they are interested in or duly authorized to make the
insurance mentioned and described and have paid or agreed to pay the premium hereinafter stated.

THE COMPANY HEREBY PROMISES AND AGREES with the Assured, their Executors, Administrators and
Assigns that the Company will insure against loss, damage, liability or expense subject to the clause,
endorsements, conditions and warranties contained in the schedule and /or attached hereto.

SCHEDULE
Interest

Sum Insured

Rate

Hull & Machinery

So Valued

Gross Premium

Less : Owners Discount @ 10 %

Net Annual Premium
Premium {Prov.) In INR

1st Installment

Add : GST

Add : Stamp Duty

Total Premium (1* Installment)

Trading Warranties

NOTICE OF LOSS: In the event of loss or damage which may involve a claim under this Insurance, immediate

notice thereof and application for survey should be given to the Policy Issuing Office and when abroad, also to the
nearest Lloyd’s Agent.

In witness whereof the company has signed for and on behalf of the company.
PLACE :

DATE : For.IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance Co. Ltd.

Authorised Signatory

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

Policy Wording
[ IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No:
PREMIUM INSTALLMENT CLAUSE

1. The Assured shall pay to the Insurers the premium, service tax and stamp duty as mentioned in the Schedule
of the policy and so long as the Assureds perform and observe all their obligations here under other than in
regard to the payment of the premium as stipulated in the within policy, the Insurers as a matter of facility to
the Assureds, agree to accept payment of premium by quarterly installments as below.
Installment Amount:

GST

Total Amount

Payable on or before

2rd Installment

3" Installment

4t Installment

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding clause, upon non-payment of any installment on its due date,
this policy shall cease to operate from the time and date of the default in payment of the installment and no
liability shall attach under this policy for any loss or damage occurring there after, nor shall any refund of
premium become due under the policy.

3. Additionally, in the event of Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss or Arranged Total Loss or Compromised
Total Loss of the vessel during the currency of this policy from any cause, whatsoever, all the subsequent
installments shall immediately become due and payable notwithstanding anything to the contrary hereinabove
contained.

NOTE: IT IS NOT OBLIGATORY ON THE PART OF THE INSURERS TO GIVE ANY NOTICE TO THE
ASSUREDS FOR PAYMENT OF PREMIUM INSTALLMENT.

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No.
Alc

Vessel :

Conditions :
The cover granted is subject to the following clauses attached hereto :

Institute War & Strike Clause Hull Time -1.11.95

Cancellation Returns Only

Institute Radioactive Contamination Exclusion Clause

Tug holding valid license for trading from competent authority.

Premium Installment Clause.

Special Premium Adjustment and Cancellation Clause

Submission of satisfactory Condition and Valuation Report from the competent Surveyors.

Trading Warranties :

1. Current London Warranties (as attached )
2. Deletions (if applicable ) : In condition of payment of additional premium as required the following
countries/areas appearing in the trading warranties are hereby deleted-

As per the advices from the Insured, the policy is assigned in favour of

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0009V01202223
In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0010V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 2 of 2

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0013V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0014V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 2 of 2

FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa

insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0011V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) — Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.

b)  Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0012V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 2 of 2

AN SECU CIBCICCCRCICACLSE cea
“INSURANCE REGULATORY AND

insleri DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA

Ref. No. IRDAI/INT/GDL/MISC/202/9/2022 Date: 28.09.2022

Guidelines in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directorship
among Intermediary or Insurance intermediary

I. The Authority is in receipt of more than one application from entities belonging to the same
group (Group shall be as defined under Section 2(g) of IRDAI (Investment) Regulations, 2016)
for Certificate of Registration (CoR) to act as an intermediary or insurance intermediary as
defined under Section 2(f) of IRDAI Act, 1999. To address the issue relating to conflict of
interest arising out of common directorship amongst registered intermediaries or insurance
intermediaries, the following guidelines are issued:

2. Where;

a. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, the Authority has granted/is
granting CoR for more than one entity under the same Group to act as an intermediary
or insurance intermediary.

b. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, there are common directors
existing/being appointed from within the same group companies or across groups.

the maximum number of directorship shall be as required under Section 165 of the Companies
Act, 2013.

3. Where common directors are appointed, in compliance to Section 165 of Companies Act,
2013, amongst intermediary or insurance intermediary under same group or different groups,
the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall ensure:

a. A Board approved policy to deal with transactions with related parties as defined under
Section 2 (76) of the Companies Act, 2013.

b. All related party transactions among the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall
comply with the provisions of Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable
Accounting Standard AS 18.

c. The Statutory Auditor of the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall certify the
compliance of the requirement under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 to IRDAI as
at the end of the financial year, by September 30 of the subsequent financial year.

\y

aa qf. 115/1, i Bere, THRTTST, ZetraTe-500 032, UIA Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad-500 032, India
© : +91-40-2020 4000 aararez : www.irdai, gov.in @ : +91-40-2020 4000 Website : www.irdai.gov.in
d. The Intermediary or insurance intermediary shall file a communication with IRDAI, on the
appointment of common director within 30 days of such appointment.

e. The common director(s) shall comply with the requirement under Section 184 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the disclosure shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

f, No common directors) of an intermediary or insurance intermediary shall hold the
position of KMP/CEO/ Principal Officer/Whole-time Director with another intermediary
or insurance intermediary. However, it is clarified that the person can hold the position
of non-Executive Director.

g. The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

h. The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

i. The intermediary or insurance intermediary which is appointing the common director
shall also inform the other intermediary or insurance intermediary wherever this director
is already on their board, for the purpose of compliance with these guidelines.

j. An undertaking to the Authority as per attached format, along with a copy of Board
Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions, shall be submitted by all the
intermediaries or insurance intermediaries where the common director is appointed on
the board.

4. These guidelines are issued in exercise of powers under clause (e) of sub section (2) of Section
14 of.the IRDA Act, 1999, and Regulation 32 of IRDAI (Registration of Corporate Agents)
Regulations, 2015.

This is issued with the approval of Competent Authority.

Chief Genetal Manager
fon company letter head)
Undertaking by CEO in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directors

We are a Corporate Agent/Insurance Broker/ (Intermediary or Insurance
Intermediary) holding the Certificate of Registration (CoR) bearing No i
CoR Category
directors.

valid till . We have the following common

PARTICULARS OF COMMON DIRECTORS
Name of Director
a DIN

Designation/
Role

Name of Insurance
Intermediary / Insurer

Designation/ Role

We submit, in respect of Board Approved Policy, Disclosure and Non-Executive role of the
common directors, the following:

(1) Board Approved Policy

a. We have put in place the Board Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions as
defined in Section 2(76) read with Section 188 of the Companies Act 2013, transacted
between intermediaries or insurance intermediaries who have been issued Certificate of
Registration (CoR) by IRDAI. Copy of the policy is submitted herewith.

b. All related party transactions between the intermediaries or insurance intermediaries will
be placed before the Board of the intermediaries as required under the Companies Act,
2013.

(ID ‘Disclosures :
a. The common director{s) shall provide general notice of disclosures of their nature of
interest and their relatives in accordance with provisions of Section 184 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

b. Disclosures provided by the common director(s) shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

Wa
cin

Non-Executive Role of Common Director{s):

The common director(s) is/are not holding the position of KMP, Principal Officer,
Whole-time Director or CEO in more than one intermediary or insurance intermediary.

Common director{s) has/have been appointed only as non-Executive Director(s) on the
Board of other intermediary(ies).

The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

We hereby undertake to ensure that conflict of interest situations are avoided at all times.

Place:
Date:

Signature of CEO
Name:
Seal
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

E-Bike Package Policy

UIN: IRDAN106P0002V01201112

This Policy is evidence of the contract between You and Us. The Proposal alongwith any
written statement of Yours for purpose of this Policy forms part of this contract.

This Policy witnesses that in consideration of Your having paid the premium, We will
insure Your insured vehicle(s) specified as operative in the Schedule during the Policy
Period and according We will indemnify you in respect of events occurring during the
Period of Insurance in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Policy provided that
all the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything
to be done or complied with by you have been met.

The Schedule shall form part of this Policy and the term Policy whenever used as
including the Schedule.

Any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of
this Policy or of Schedule shall bear such meaning whenever it may appear.

Your Policy is based on information, which You have given Us and the truth of these
information shall be condition precedent to Your right to recover under this Policy.

1. General Definitions -

1. Proposal
It mean any signed Proposal by filling up the questionnaires and declaration(s),
written statements and any information in addition thereto supplied to Us by You or
on Your behalf.

2. Policy
It means the Policy booklet, the Schedule and any applicable endorsement or
memoranda. Your Policy contains details of the extent of cover available to You,
what is excluded form the cover and the conditions, warranties, provisions on which
the Policy is issued.

3. Schedule
It means the latest Schedule issued by Us as part of Your Policy. It provides details
of Section(s), Extension(s) and Endorsement(s) of Your Policy which are in force,
and the level of cover you have. A revised schedule will be sent at each renewal.

4. Endorsement
It means any alteration made to the Policy which has been agreed to by Us in writing.

5. Sum Insured
It means the monetary amounts shown as Insured Declared Value alongwith any
other cost incurred in the purchase of Your vehicle.

E- Bike Package Policy -1-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

6. Insured Declared Value:-

a) The Insured’s is Declared Value of the Vehicle is deemed to be the Sum Insured
for the purpose of this policy and it will be fixed at the commencement of each
policy period for each Insured Vehicle.

b) The IDV is fixed on the basis of Manufacturer's listed selling price of the model,
alongwith that of side car, accessories and applicable aged wise depreciation or
any other criteria as agreed between you and us is applicable for the purpose of
Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss (TL/CTL) claims only. A vehicle will be
considered to be a CTL, where the aggregate cost of retrieval and/ or repair of
the Vehicle subject to the terms and condition of the policy exceeds 75% of the
IDV.

AGE OF THE VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION FOR
FIXING IDV
Upto 1 Year 10

1 Year to 2 Year
2 Year to 3 Year
3 Year to 4 Year
4 Year to 5 Year
Above 5 Year

7. We/Our/Us
It means Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company Limited.

8. You/Your/Yours
It means the persons/entities named as the Insured in the Schedule.

9. Insured Person
It means You, Your partners, directors and employee(s) working with you in
connection with your business, company.

10. What is Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are covered under the Policy and
for which We have liability in the event of claim occurrence.

11.What is Not Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are not covered under the Policy
and for which We have no liability in the event of claim occurrence.

12. Damage/Damaged
It means loss of or damage to the insured vehicle including accessories.

13. Accident/ Accidental
It means a fortuitous event or circumstance which is sudden, unexpected and
unintentional including resultant continuous intermittent or repeated exposure arising
out of the same fortuitous event or circumstance.

14. Excess
It means the first part of any claim for which You are responsible. Any Sum

E- Bike Package Policy -2-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

Insured/Limit will apply after the Excess has been deducted.

15. Geographical Limits
It means within Indian territory, unless otherwise specified.

16. Policy Period/Period of Insurance
It means the period commencing from the effective date and hour as shown in the

Schedule and terminating on the expiry date as shown in the Schedule.

17. Currency of the Policy
It means (for consideration of any claim) currency of that Section or part of Section,
extension(s), endorsement(s) to which the claim relates.

18. Additional Benefits
It means the coverage which are granted to You apart from the main covers under
the Section, for which no additional premium is required to be paid by you.

19. Extensions
It means optional coverages which are available to You apart from the main covers
and Additional Benefits under the Section, which You can choose to take on
payment of necessary additional premium.

20. Accessories
It means parts of your Vehicle which are not directly related to direct functioning of
the vehicle in its drive. This includes in-car entertainment, such as radios, and
communication equipment which form part of Your Vehicle, as well as portable
phones while they are connected to a power source in Your Vehicle, and also non
electrical/ electrical items such as seat cover, mats and/or other likewise furnishings.

21. Certificate of Insurance
It means the document issued by us in accordance with the existing applicable Rules
in force which proves that You have the motor insurance.

22. Event
It means any one event or series of events arising out of one common cause or
source in connection with the Motor Vehicle.

23. Claim
It means our liability to You under the Policy arising out of Event(s) covered under
the scope of the Policy.

24. Motor Vehicle
It means the vehicle We are insuring for You. This includes standard tools, options
and accessories while they are in or on Your Vehicle.

25. Driver
It means any person including You who whilst driving at the time of accident is above
16 (Sixteen) years in age.

E- Bike Package Policy -3-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
26. Terrorism
Any act including, but not limited to, use of force or violence and / or the threat
thereof, of any person or groups of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
connection with any organization or government, committed for political, religious,
ideological or similar purpose, including the intention to influence any government
and / or to put the public, or any section of the public in fear.

COVERAGE
Section 1. - Own Damage
WHAT IS COVERED

In the event of damage caused by Insured
perils listed hereunder and subject to its

not

being otherwise excluded, We will

indemnify you against such damage to
your insured Vehicle,

Insured Perils:-

1.

2.
3.
4

8.
9.
10.
11.

12.

Fire

Lighting

Explosion, Self Ignition

Theft, Theft or Attempted Theft
involving violent and forcible means,
Robbery, Dacoity

Riot and Strike

Earthquake (Fire and shock damage)
Flood, Typhoon, Hurricane, Strom,
Tempest, Inundation, Cyclone,
Hailstorm, Frost.

Accidental external means.

Malicious Act

Terrorist Activity

Whilst in transit by Road, Rail, Inland
Waterway, Lift, Elevator or Air
Landslide, Rockslide

WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for:-
1. a) An excess 5% of the claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs,. 250/-
(Two Hundred and Fifty) in case of
partial loss claims.

b) An excess of 5% of the claim
amount subject to a minimum of Rs.
1000/- (One Thousand) only in case of
total loss claims.

Damage to tyres and tubes unless the
vehicle is damaged at the same time.
Damage to accessories by Insured
peril No. 4; unless the vehicle is stolen
at the same time.

Any accidental damage suffered whilst
the driver driving the vehicle with Your
knowledge and consent is under the
influence of intoxicating liquor or
drugs.

Wear and tear:-

Damage caused by wear and tear,
depreciation and/or gradual
deterioration.

Mechanicall Electrical Breakdowns,
failure or breakages.

Consequential loss:-

Consequential loss of any kind or
description including any reduction of
Market Value beyond the cost of repair
or replacement

Matching of Items:-

The cost of repair or replacement of
any undamaged or unbroken items or
item forming part of a set of items or
other items of uniform nature, colour
or design when the damage or
breakage occurs within a_ clearly
identifiable area or to a specific part
and replacement can not be matched

E- Bike Package Policy
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112

Com]

‘Muskurate Raho

Section 2 —- Liability to Third Party
WHAT IS COVERED

We will indemnify You in the event of an
accident caused by or arising out of the
use of insured vehicle against all sums
including claimant’s costs and expenses
which you shall become legally liable to
pay in respect of :-

1. Accidental death of or bodily injury to
any person.

2. Damage to property other than the
property belonging to you or in your
custody, control.

We will also pay all the costs and

expenses incurred with our consent.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for
1. An excess of 5% of claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs. 250/-
(Two hundred fifty only).

. Any claim towards insured person or
their family in/on the insured vehicle.

. Any claim arising from the Employer's
liability or contractual liability or
through special promises made by
insured person or on their behalf.

. Any claim liability arising directly or

indirectly from or due to:

a) Any wilful malicious or unlawful
act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

. Any death, injury or damage caused or
arising beyond the limits of any
carriageway or thorough fare in
connection with the bringing of the
load to the vehicle or loading thereon
or the taking away of the load from the
vehicle after unloading there from.
1.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Subject to the terms and conditions, limitations of the indemnity granted by this
section to you, We will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle with your
consent, provided that such driver shall as though he/she was the insured, observe,
fulfill and be subject to the terms, exception and conditions of this policy in so far as
they apply.

In the event of death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy, We will in
respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal
representative in terms of and subject to the limitation of this Policy provided that
such personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured
observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions and the condition of this Policy
in so far as they apply.

We may at our own option

a) arrange for representation at any Inquest or fatal inquiry in respect of any death
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and

b) undertake the defence of proceeding in any court of law in respect of any act or
alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of
indemnity under this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -5-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
“puskurate Rake
Section 3. Personal Accident
Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.
WHAT IS COVERED

We undertake to pay compensation for
bodily injury/death sustained by the
insured person(s) in direct connection with
the insured vehicle whilst mounting into/
dismounting from or travelling in/on the
insured vehicle caused by violent,
accidental external means — which
independent of any other cause shall
within six calendar months of such injury
result in death or disablement as described
in the table below.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for

1. Any claim arising from or due to
a) Any willful malicious or unlawful

act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

2. Any claims arising or resulting from a
traceable to intentional self injury,
suicide or attempted suicide, physical
defect or infirmity.

3. Any claim exceeding the sum of Rs 1
lac in respect of any Insured person.

4. More than one Claim in respect of
items (i) to (iv) as described in the
table.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
IFFCO-TOKIO

muskurate Raho

Section 3. Personal Accident

Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.

Nature of injury

| (i) Death

(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb
and sight of one eye .

(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye

(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other
than named above.

Scale of compensation

100%

100%

50%

100%

GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
6.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Confiscation:-
Any Damage due to confiscation, commandeering, requisition, detention or
destruction by order of any Goverernment or lawfully constituted authority.

Nuclear Risk:-

Any Damage to insured vehicle, consequential loss, legal liability or bodily injury,

illness, disease directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising form:

a) lonising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from
any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel.

b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or hazardous properties of any nuclear assembly
or nuclear component.

Existing Damage:-
Any damage, injury, accident, disease or illness occurring before the cover
commences under the Policy.

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS:-

1. Insured Vehicle requisition by Government (Applicable to Section 1 and 2)
If your insured vehicle is requisitioned by the Government, they will automatically be
held covered during the period of requisition and we will pay you for any damage
during that period if any, in excess of the amount(s) made by the Government
2. Transportation of Damaged Vehicle (Applicable to Section 1
In the event of Vehicle disabled by reason of Damage covered under the Policy, we
will pay you the reasonable cost of protection and removal to nearest repairer and
redelivery to you but not exceeding in all Rs 500/- (Five Hundred) in respect of any
one Accident
3. Temporary Repairs (Applicable to Section 1
You may authorize the repair of the insured vehicle necessitated by damage covered
under the Policy provided that:-
a) The estimated cost of such repair including replacement, if any does not exceed
Rs. 1000/- (One Thousand) for any one Accident;
b) You furnish us with a detailed estimation of the cost of repairs;
c) In our opinion, such repair or replacement is necessary and the charges are
reasonable.
EXTENSIONS

IME. 1. Accessories

(Items fitted in or on the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer's listed selling price
of the vehicle)

We will pay you for damage to such Accessories both Electrical/Electronic and non
electrical/ electronic as specified in the schedule whilst it/these, is/are fitted in or on the
vehicle insured where such damage is due to any of the insured perils mentioned in the

policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -7-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
E IFFCO-TOKIO ]
suakvrate Rake
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for damage to accessories due to Electrical/Mechanical breakdown.

IME. 2. Reliability Trials and Rallies

We will pay you for accidental damage to the vehicle whilst the vehicle insured _ is
ENGAGE” IN 0... eee ceeeeeeeee *. to be held at ........ **...on or about the date of ..../../ ........
under the auspices of ... sees ee

WHAT IS NOT COVERED:-
We will not be liable during the period of such reliability Trails and Rallies for

(a) Any damage to vehicle of ................. # (Promoters of Event)

(b) Accident Damage of the Insured Vehicle during the use for organized racing,
pace making or speed testing.

(c) Death of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or
getting on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of
the event out of which any claim arises.

(d) An @XxCeSS Of RS.(......cccccc cece eec eee e eee neeneeneeen eae ) under the section 1 of the policy

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

If we make any payment in settlement of any claim, and such payment includes the
amount for which you are responsible by reason of this Extension, you will repay to
us forthwith the amount for which you are so responsible.

* To insert the name of the event.
** To insert the venue of the event.
# To insert the name of the Promoters of the event.

GENERAL CONDITIONS

1. Reasonable Precaution and Care of Motor Vehicle:-

a) You shall take all reasonable precautions for safety and soundness of insured
vehicle and to prevent damage in order to minimise claims. You must comply
with manufacturer's recommended actions for inspection and maintenance and
shall also comply with all statutory requirements or other regulations and will
employ only competent employees.

b) We shall have at all time free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part
there of and/or any driver or your employee.

c) In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left
unattended without proper precautions being undertaken to prevent further
damage and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected,
any extension of the damage or any further damage to the vehicle shall be
entirely at your own risk.

2. Notice:-
You will give every notice and communication in writing to Our office through which
this insurance is effected.

E- Bike Package Policy -8-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
3. Mis-Description:-
This Policy shall be void and all premium paid by you to Us shall be forfeited in the
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or concealment/non-disclosure of any
material information.

4. Change in Circumstances:-

You must inform Us, as soon as reasonably possible, of any change in information
you have provided to Us about yourself, your Business, Your employees and/or your
vehicle, and driver, location which may affect the insurance cover provided e.g.
change in colour, fitting of extra installation etc. You must also notify Us about
alteration made or change in information as described aforesaid whereby risk of
Damage or Accident is increased. In case of such alteration or changes made and
not accepted by Us in writing, all covers under this Policy shall cease.

5. Claim Procedure and Requirements:-
An event, which might become a claim under the Policy, must be reported to Us as
soon as possible. A written statement of the claim will be required and a Claim form
will be provided. This written statement of claim along with supporting documentation
(estimates, vouchers, invoices, proof, investigation report and the like) prepared at
your expenses along with particulars of other insurance covering the same risk must
be delivered to Us within 15 days of date of Damage.

The Police must be informed of any theft, attempted theft or Damage caused by
rioters, strikers, malicious persons or vandals or of any other criminal act. They must
also be informed of the loss of any subject matter of risk. You shall also take
practicable steps to apprehend the guilty person and recover the vehicle and/or its
accessories lost.

If any person is claiming against you, your family or your employee, every letter,
claim writ, summon, process information or any verbal notice of claim shall be
forwarded to Us without delay. You, Your Family or any person on your behalf must
not attempt to negotiate any claim, nor admit or repudiate any claim without Our
consent. You shall give all possible assistance to enable Us to settle or resist any
claim or to institute proceedings.

6. Claim Control:-
a) Weare entitled to:

i) enter any place under your control where Damage has occurred and take
possession of the such place and insured vehicle or any accessory(s) and
deal with salvage, but this does not mean that vehicle can be abandoned to
Us.

ii) receive all necessary information, proof of Damage and assistance from You
and from any other person seeking benefit under this Policy.

iii) take over and conduct in your name or any person seeking benefit under this
Policy, defence or settlement of any claim.

iv) take proceedings at Our own expenses and for Our own benefit, but in Your
name or any other person who is claiming or has received benefit, to recover
any payment made or due under this Policy.

b) No admission, offer, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by you or on
your behalf without our written consent.

E- Bike Package Policy -9-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year
Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year
Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year
Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

70%
E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year

Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year

Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year

Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

Nil

5%

10%

15%

25%
35 %

50%

70%

E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
9.

10.

11.

‘muskurate Rake

Fraud:-
If a claim is fraudulent on account of fraudulent means or action used by You or on
Your behalf, all benefits and rights under this Policy shall be forfeited.

Contribution:-
If, when any claim arises, there is any other insurance covering the same matter
(property, interest, liability, cost), We will pay only our rateable proportion.

Cancellation:-

We may cancel this Policy by sending 7 (Seven) days notice in writing by recorded
delivery to You at Your last Known address. You will then be entitled to a pro-rata
refund of premium for the un-expired period of this Policy from the data of
cancellation, which we are liable to pay on demand.

In the event of no claim preferred on us, You may cancel this Policy by sending
7(Seven) days written notice to Us. We will then allow a refund after retaining the
premium based on following short period table.
Period of Cover upto

1 Month

3 Month

6 Month
Refund of Annual Premium
Rate (%)

75%

50%

25%

Exceeding 6 month Nil

Any refund of the premium is subject to retention of minimum premium of Rs. 100/-
(One Hundred).

12. Arbitration:-
Should any dispute arise between Us and you on quantum of amount payable
(liability being admitted by Us), such dispute will be referred to Arbitrator to be
appointed in accordance with statutory provisions of the country in force at the time,
Further, ifMwhen and dispute is referable/referred to Arbitration, the making of an
award by Arbitrator(s) shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit by
you against Us.

Disclaimer Clause:-

If We shall disclaim Our liability in any claim, and such claim shall not have been
made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law within 12 months from the date of
disclaimer, then the claims shall for all purposes be deemed to have been
abandoned and shall not thereafter under this Policy.

13. No sum payable under this Policy shall carry any interest/penalty.

14. All claims shall be settled in India Rupees.

E- Bike Package Policy -11-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
15.

16.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Jurisdiction of Court:-
The provision of this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being
in force. The parties hereto unconditionally subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts in
India.

Legal Representative: -

In the event of the death of any person as mentioned in the schedule the sole
insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of
three months from the date of the death of such person or until the expiry of this
policy (whichever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of the such sole
person insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply
to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance
policy for the Motor Vehicle.

Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new
policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to Us accordingly
within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by:-

a) Death Certificate in respect of the such sole person insured
b) Proof of title to the vehicle
c) Original Policy.

WARRANTIES

It is warranted —

1. That Our liability for any one claim in respect of any insured vehicle including
accessories specified in the Schedule including any additional costs and
expenses payable in connection with that insured vehicle (unless specifically
expressed as being payable in addition to the Sum Insured) shall not exceed the
Sum Insured set against such vehicle or in the whole the total sum Insured or
such other sum(s) as may be substituted for it by Endorsement signed by on Our
behalf.

2. That whenever Your vehicle is left unattended, the vehicle will be properly
secured and all keys for the vehicle shall be kept in safe custody. It is provided
that breach of this warranty shall not be a bar to any claim for loss or damage
caused other than by Insured peril (No.) 4 under “what is covered”

3. The insured Vehicle including accessories:
a) maintained in a good and substantial state of repair.
b) used for private use as defined in “limitation as to use” in the schedule

4. All the coverages under this policy including those mentioned in the Additional
Benefits, Extension are subject to perils, the terms, conditions, definitions,
warranties, exclusion(s) unless mentioned otherwise.

E- Bike Package Policy -12-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
co,

ENDORSEMENT

IMG. 1. Hire Purchase Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ........... (hereinafter referred to as the Owners)
are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is subject of an Hire
Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one part and You on the
other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Owners are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to us in respect of such damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect
Your rights and liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy.

IMG. 2. Lease Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ................6 (hereinafter referred to as the
Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the
subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and You on
the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Lessors as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to Us in respect of such loss or damage. It is also understood and
agreed that notwithstanding any provision in the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this
policy is issued to You namely .............. as the principal party and not as agent or
trustee and nothing herein contained shall be construed as constituting You as an agent
or trustee for the Lessors or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by You to the
Lessors, of his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein
shall be construed as_ creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue We in
any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the
rights and liabilities of the insured or We respectively under or in connection with this
Policy.

IMG. 3. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement

It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated
With ...... eee (hereinafter referred to as the "Pledgee") and it is further understood
and agreed that the Pledgee is_ interested in any monies which but for this
Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy in respect of such loss or
damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement
of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as they are the Pledgee
of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to Us in respect
of such loss or damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or affect

Your the rights or liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy or
any term, provision or condition thereof.

Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -13-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
FH

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third part
insurance policy for two wheelers’

Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection for bundled cover for Two wheelers
Wording
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223

In the event of accidental damage / loss to the insured vehicle under section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/
Standalone Motor OD Policy, we will indemnify for the Equated Monthly Installments (EMI) due, subject to following
conditions:

1. The EMls will be paid by us, as per the option chosen by the Insured and mentioned on the schedule, based
on the number of days the insured vehicle remains in the garage and the time excess (No.of Days beyond
which IFFCO-Tokio is liable to pay)of the chosen option.

2. The EMls will be paid from the date and time the repair work commences at authorized garage with due
approval from IFFCO-Tokio after the insured vehicle is made available for repair. If spare parts are not
available, then those number of days will not be accounted for.

3. This cover is available only in policies attached with Endorsement IMT -7 of India Motor Tariff (Vehicles
Subject to Hypothecation Agreement)

4. The loan account statement and the amortization schedule as on date of claim from the financial institution or
bank is submitted to Us.

5. The number of days at the garage would be calculated till the date that the repairs have been completed and
vehicle is ready for re-inspection.

6. This Add-On shall not be transferred in the event of sale of vehicle.

7. The cover under this Add-On is available only for one claim incident during the policy period.

What is not covered:
We will not be liable for:
1. Any amount which is due because of default or non-payment or delayed payment.
2. Any other consequential loss or charges associated with the loan payment such as late payment
charges, pre-payment charges or other documentation charges.
3. Unless the loan statement account from the financial institution or bank is submitted.
4. Any claim if the vehicle is assessed as Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss, unless otherwise
agreed by us.
5. Any claim where the Auto Loan is closed by the Insured prior to the date of loss during the policy
period.
6. Any claim which is non-admissible under Section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/ Standalone
Motor OD Policy

Wording — Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection Page 1of1
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg No. 106

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa
insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording
Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223

What is covered: -

We will pay you for the cost of replacement of your damaged or destroyed Helmet or its child parts (of same type, make and size) in the
event of loss or damage to it due to the following perils:

Accidental damage

Fire, Lightening, Riot, Strike, Malicious Act, Terrorist activity
Flood, Inundation, Storm, Hurricane, Typhoon, Earthquake
Theft along with Insured Vehicle

The loss or damage to the helmet due to the above perils must be as a result of an accident / Theft of the Insured vehicle and its claim
being admissible under the own damage section of the policy.

Terms and conditions:

Only 1 (one) claim per policy year shall be payable under this add-on.

Only 1 (one) helmet which confirms to the prevailing safety standards laid down by the government or public local authority can be
covered under the add-on.

3. Deductible: 5% of the sum insured of helmet subject to a minimum of Rs 250/-.

4. All replacements to be from manufacturer authorized service center.

5. Original bill of the purchase of replacement items required.
6

7

ie

The broken/damaged helmet should be surrendered to Us in case of damage.
Maximum liability shall be limited to the Sum Insured specified in the schedule.

What is not covered :

1. No claim is admissible where the Insured helmet did not confirm to the safety standards laid down by the Government or public
local authority.

2. No claim for helmet shall be admissible unless there is an admissible claim for the vehicle insured.

3. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet and its damaged items are not available for inspection, if required.(not for theft claims)

4. We will not pay for any claim if Theft of helmet (along with the insured vehicle) has not been reported to the Police and written
confirmation has not been received.

5. Any damage due to deterioration, wear and tear, minor scratching or loss of aesthetic value of the helmet shall not be payable.

6. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet is Insured under any other Policy.

Definition of Helmet - Helmet means a protective head gear in terms of section 129 of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988.

Wording — Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers Page 1 of 1
UIN:IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg. No. 106

Vine jy Tee Aer de feo toe

Azadi xa ES INSURANCE REGULATORY AND
Amrit Mahotsav incleii, DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA
Ref: IRDAI/F&I/GDL/MISC/219/10/2022 Date: 17 October, 2022

Guidelines on Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India by an

Insurance Company registered outside India

The Authority (IRDAI) had laid down framework for approval of opening of Liaison Office
in India by Insurance Companies registered outside India (Overseas Insurer), vide circular
ref: 30/IRDA/CIR/Lia Off/Dec-05 dt. 07.12.2005 and the Guidelines for closure of Liaison
Office established in India by Overseas Insurer, issued vide ref: IRDA/024/Closure-
FLO/2007-08 dt. 17.07.2007. The stipulations/ directions have been reviewed and the
following guidelines are issued on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India
by an Insurance Company registered outside India’. These guidelines shall be effective
from the date of issue and shall supersede all the earlier instructions/guidelines issued
on the subject by the Authority.

1. Liaison Office

A “Liaison Office” (LO) would mean a place of office to act as a channel of communication
between the Principal place of business or Head Office (HO) by whatever name called of
an Overseas Insurer and entities in India but which does not undertake any commercial/
trading/ soliciting/ industrial activity, directly or indirectly, and maintains itself out of foreign
remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking channels.

2. Eligibility norms for opening a Liaison office:

The Overseas Insurer applying for opening of LO should have a financially sound track
record. A profit making track record during the immediately preceding three financial
years in the home country and net worth of not less than USD 65 million shall be the
minimum requirement for applying for opening a Liaison office in India. (Net worth shall
mean Total of paid-up capital and free reserves, less intangible assets as per the latest
Audited Balance Sheet or Account Statement certified by a Certified Public Accountant
or Chartered Accountant or any Registered Accounts Practitioner by whatever name
called of the home country).

a4 4, 1151, wreefdrra Riera, aTHTTET, SaTTATA-500 032, sea | Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanaktamguda, Hyderabad-600 032, India
© :+91-40-20204000 sarge : www.irdai.gov.in ® : +91-40-20204000 Website: www.irdai.gov.in
3. Application and Approval process:

a) The Overseas Insurer desirous of opening a Liaison office shall apply to the

b

aS

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in Form IRDAI-FIC-1
(Annexure |), along with the following documents. A processing fee of 6000 USD
(non-refundable) by way of DD/Pay Order or through online transfer in favour of
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India shall be paid along with

the application.

i. Copy of Certificate of registration of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country insurance regulator).

ii. | Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country authority).

iii | Details of subsidiaries and associate companies.

iv. Copies of Memorandum and Articles of Association or any other charter
document.

v. Copy of latest Audited Financial statements.

vi. Certificate from the home country insurance regulator that the applicant is
duly authorized as an insurer and is permitted to open a Liaison office in
India.

vii. A Letter of Comfort from applicant Overseas Insurer confirming to provide
necessary financial support to Liaison office (Annexure Il).

viii. A Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant Overseas Insurer
confirming the authorization provided to the Authorized official for signing
and submitting Form IRDAI-FIC-1.

The Authority shall, after exercising due diligence in respect of the applicant
Overseas Insurer's background and satisfying itself regarding adherence to the
eligibility criteria for establishing LO, grant approval for opening of LO or reject the
application. An applicant whose application for grant of approval for opening of
Liaison Office is rejected by the Authority, may approach the Authority for review
of its decision within 30 days from the date of receipt of the communication.
c)

d

7

g)

The Authority, before granting approval for opening of LO, may seek the views of
Ministry of External Affairs, in respect of an application received from Overseas

Insurer incorporated in a country, which shares land border with India.

The validity of an approval granted by the Authority shall be for a period of three
years. An Overseas Insurer may request the Authority for extension of the approval
for another one year. The Authority may consider such request, provided the LO
has complied with all the terms and conditions stipulated in these guidelines and
communicated by the Authority in the initial approval letter. The application for
extension has to be submitted with all the information as given in IRDAI-FIC-1
format mentioning “Application for Extension of validity of Liaison Office”, at least
two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the first approval, along with
a processing fee (non-refundable) of USD 2500

The permission granted for opening / extension of LO shall be subject to such

additional terms and conditions as may be stipulated by the Authority from time to
time.

An Overseas Insurer which has been granted approval by the Authority for opening
of LO in India shall establish such office within six months from the date of approval
of the Authority. In case such office is not established within a period of six months,
the approval granted by the Authority shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

Overseas Insurers which have opened/started Liaison Offices in India within a
period of three years prior to the date of these guidelines may apply for extension
of approval for a further period of one year in terms of these guidelines.

Overseas Insurers which have been already granted an extension of approval to
continue their Liaison offices and have been operating their LOs for more than
3 years as on the date of these guidelines shall close the LO within a period of six
months in terms of these guidelines.
4. Permitted activities for a Liaison Office of Overseas Insurer in India:

a)
b)

¢)

Representing the Overseas Insurer in India.
Carrying out market research/ feasibility study in the field of insurance.
Acting as a communication channel between the Overseas Insurer and entities in

India.

5. Conditions for Approval:

a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

9)

The LO shall not carry on any activity other than the activity for which approval has
been granted by IRDAI.

The entire expenses of the LO in India will be met exclusively out of the inward
foreign remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking
channels.

The LO in India shall not borrow or lend any money from/ to any person in India
nor shall it accept deposits in India.

The LO in India shall not acquire, hold, (otherwise than by way of lease for a period
not exceeding three years) transfer or dispose of any immovable property in India.
The LO in India shall not enter into any contracts, except to the extent required for
the purpose of the normal functioning of the LO for which the approval is granted
by IRDAI.

The LO in India will not have any signing/ commitment powers, except to the extent
required for normal functioning of the office, on behalf of the Head Office.

The LO in India shall obtain Permanent Account Number (PAN) from the Income
Tax Authorities on setting up their office in India.

The LO in India shall register with the Registrar of Companies (ROCs) if such
registration is required under the Companies Act, 2013.

The LO in India and the Overseas Insurer shall be required to comply with the
terms and conditions of the General Permission granted by RBI under the Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and any other law in force, as amended from

time to time.
i)

The LO in India shall have to strictly obey and respect the laws in force in India
and there shall be no compromise or excuse for ignorance of the Indian legal
system in any manner.

Principal Officer of LO in India shall act as a Nodal officer and shall be responsible
for ensuring compliance of these guidelines and any other directions issued by the
Authority from time to time. Name, Address, Contact No. and E-mail Id of the
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
appointment. Any change in the Principal Officer / change in contact details of
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
such change.

The officials of a Liaison office of Overseas Insurer shall not participate in the
management of any other entity in India.

m) In case of any regulatory action initiated by the home country insurance regulator

q)

on the Overseas Insurer, LO shall inform the details to IRDAI within 15 days from
the date of action initiated.

The approval for Liaison Office granted to an entity shall not be transferable to
another entity under any circumstances including on account of
acquisitions/mergers.

Change in the name of the existing LO may be permitted by the Authority, if an
application to this effect is filed along with the Board resolution and relevant
documents/certificate from the home country insurance regulator.

Where change in name is requested on account of acquisitions or mergers
involving change in ownership, the acquired entity or new entity is required to apply
afresh by closing the existing LO. At any point of time, not more than one LO under
the same management of the Overseas Insurer shall operate in India.

The activities/ affairs of LO may be verified/ examined by IRDAI by carrying out an
inspection/investigation as and when found necessary.

Any adverse findings reported by an auditor or noticed by the HO in respect of the
LO shall be reported to the Authority within 15 days of such findings.
6. Books and Records to be maintained by LO:

a)

b)

c)

LO shall maintain only one bank account for its receipts and payments. If the
existing LOs have opened multiple bank accounts as on the date of these
guidelines, such accounts shall be closed within 3 months or seek specific
approval from IRDAI justifying the reasons to have multiple bank accounts.
Proper books of accounts and records reflecting the funds received from HO and
expenses incurred by the LO shall also be maintained.

A Balance Sheet, Statement of Income and Expenditure and a Statement of
Receipts and Payments (Cash Flow Statement) signed by an independent
Chartered Accountant and the Principal Officer of the Liaison Office in India shall
be furnished to the Authority within 60 days from the end of every financial year.

7. Annual Activity Certificate by LO:

a) The LO shall submit Annual Activity Certificate (Annexure III), from an independent

Chartered Accountant or the Company Secretary certifying that

the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority,

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the
remittances received from HO for the said purpose,

there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and
any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal
operations of the LO.
b) The Annual Activity Certificate shall be furnished to the Authority by the LO within 60
days from the end of financial year along with a statement showing details of the research
activities/studies undertaken and the information/reports shared with the HO during the

reporting financial year by the LO, duly certified by the Principal officer of the LO.

c) All Liaison offices existing on the date of these guidelines shall be liable to furnish the

returns/reports/certificates to the Authority as specified in these guidelines.

8. Closure of LO

a) Requests for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted to the Authority in form IRDA-
FIC-2 (Annexure IV), at least two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the

approval.

b) The LO shall, at least two months before the closure of its operations in India, publish
a public notice informing the proposed closure of its operations in India, in at least one
English daily newspaper circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India and in

one newspaper published in the regional language of the state where the LO is situated.

c) The application for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted along with the following
documents:

i) Copy of IRDAI’s permission for establishing the Liaison office in India.

ii) Copy of the public notices issued in the newspapers informing the proposed closure

of LO’s operations in India.

iii) An independent Chartered Accountant's certificate:

1. Indicating the manner in which the remittable amount has been arrived at and
supported by a statement of assets and liabilities of the LO and indicating the
manner of disposal of assets;

2. Certifying that all liabilities in India such as taxes/duties, arrears of gratuity and
other benefits to employees, rent, etc. of the office have been either fully met or
adequately provided for;

3. Certifying that no proceeds accruing from sources outside India have remained
un-repatriated to India
iv) Confirmation from the Overseas Insurer that no legal proceedings in any court in
India are pending against the Liaison Office and there is no legal impediment to the
closure/ remittance.

v) A report from the Registrar of Companies regarding compliance with the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, in case of winding up of the LO in India, wherever applicable.

d) Approval for closure and remittance of proceeds shall be granted provided the Liaison
Office has submitted the Annual Activity Certificate for all the years for which it was in
operation in India. The remittances shall be made subject to the terms and conditions of
RBI / FEMA/ CBDT directions in force from time to time.

e) The Authority shall grant approval for Closure of an LO of an Overseas Insurer and
shall also intimate the RBI regarding Closure of the LO.

f) If the Overseas Insurer intends to open a branch office (FRB) or form a joint
venture/subsidiary for insurance operations in India, the existing LO in India, if any, of the
Overseas Insurer shall be closed down at the time of obtaining the approval for opening

of the branch office (FRB) / joint venture entity / subsidiary from the Authority.

g) Overseas Insurer having LO in India and also a joint venture partner in insurance
company in India on the date of issue of these guidelines, shall close the LO within six
months from the date of issue of these guidelines. Application for closure of LO has to be
submitted to the Authority along with the required documents, at least two months before
the end of the six months’ period.

9. Action in case of default or non-compliance:

a. If any LO, which is required under these guidelines, or other instructions/guidelines
issued by the Authority from time to time, -
i. to furnish any document, statement, account, return or report to the Authority,
fails to furnish the same;
ii. does not cooperate the inspection/investigating Authority appointed by
IRDAI/RBI/Govt. of India; or
iii, to comply with the directions, fails to comply with such directions;
iv. fails to comply with the terms and conditions of approval granted by the
Authority;

the Authority may, at any time, withdraw the approval granted to LO. The Authority
shall seek an explanation and provide an opportunity of being heard to the LO, before
withdrawal of such approval.

b. The Authority may also direct the Overseas Insurer to remove the Principal Officer
of the LO in India and share the action initiated against the LO of the Overseas

Insurer with the home country insurance regulator.

These guidelines are issued by the Authority under the provisions of section 14 (1) of the
IRDA Act, 1999.

4

—T
~ Member (F&I)
Annexure |
IRDAI-FIC-1

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for establishing a Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Full Name of the Insurance Company

Place and Date of Incorporation (Copy of Certificate of
Incorporation to be enclosed)

Registration No. (Copy of Certificate of Registration by
Home Country Insurance Regulator to be enclosed)
Countries in which the company and its subsidiaries

2 operate
3 No. of liaison offices operated in other countries
D Financial Position

Sthhatiia af than annlinant RAmRARnY (Ciemill imitaAd
Certificate from the home country insurance regulator
that the applicant is duly authorized as an insurer and
is permitted to open a Liaison Office in India.

2

Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant
comnany confirming the authorization provided to the

We hereby declare that:

i) The particulars given above are true and correct to the best of our knowledge and belief;

ii) We shall confine our activities in India to the fields indicated in column G 2 above;

iii) We shall abide by the terms and conditions that may be stipulated by Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India, if approval is given;

iv) Liaison office and its officials will not directly or indirectly involve in the process of
business solicitation.

Place: (Signature of Authorized Official of the Applicant Company)
Name:
Date: Designation:

12
Annexure II

Format of the Letter of Comfort

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowili,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,
Sub: Application for establishment of Liaison office in India

This has reference to our application dt. submitted to the Authority for
establishment of Liaison Office in India.

2. In this connection, we, (the applicant company) undertake
to provide the necessary financial support for our Liaison office in India. Any liability that

may arise due to the functioning of the Liaison office in India will be met by us in case of
inability on part of the Liaison office to do so.

3. We are also enclosing the financial background of our company in the form of our latest
three years Audited Financial Statements certified by a Certified Public Accountant /
Chartered Accountant.

Yours faithfully,

( )
Authorized official of the Applicant Company

Place: Name:

Date: Designation:

13
Annexure III

Format of Annual Activity Certificate for Liaison office of Insurance company

registered outside India

Annual Activity Certificate of Liaison office of Insurance
company

for the Financial Year

This certificate has been issued in connection with Clause 7 of IRDAI Guidelines
ref: dt. on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in
India by an Insurance Company registered outside India” in respect of Liaison

Office of (Name of the Insurance company) functioning at
(Address of Liaison office).

A) Statement showing details of the research activities/studies undertaken and the
information/reports shared with the Head Office (HO) during the reporting financial
year by the Liaison office (LO), duly certified by the Principal officer of
the LO, is attached herewith.

B) On the basis of records produced and explanations provided to us, we hereby
certify that

a) the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority

toy
~~

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the receipts
received from HO for the said purpose,

c) there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

d) the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from. HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and

any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,

14
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

e) the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal

operations of the LO.

Place: Chartered Accountant/Company Secretary
Name:

Date:
Membership No.

15
Annexure IV

IRDAI-FIC-2

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for Closure of Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Name of the Insurance company

Details

Declaration:

We hereby declare that the particulars given above and the documents submitted
herewith are true and correct to the best of my / our knowledge and belief.

Place: (Signature of Principal officer of Liaison office)
Date: Name:

Documents attached:

16
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

MARINE HULL WAR RISK INSURANCE POLICY

Policy No
Issuing Office

WHEREAS the ASSURED named in the schedule hereto, have represented to IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance
Company Ltd. ( hereinafter called the ‘Company’) that they are interested in or duly authorized to make the
insurance mentioned and described and have paid or agreed to pay the premium hereinafter stated.

THE COMPANY HEREBY PROMISES AND AGREES with the Assured, their Executors, Administrators and
Assigns that the Company will insure against loss, damage, liability or expense subject to the clause,
endorsements, conditions and warranties contained in the schedule and /or attached hereto.

SCHEDULE
Interest

Sum Insured

Rate

Hull & Machinery

So Valued

Gross Premium

Less : Owners Discount @ 10 %

Net Annual Premium
Premium {Prov.) In INR

1st Installment

Add : GST

Add : Stamp Duty

Total Premium (1* Installment)

Trading Warranties

NOTICE OF LOSS: In the event of loss or damage which may involve a claim under this Insurance, immediate

notice thereof and application for survey should be given to the Policy Issuing Office and when abroad, also to the
nearest Lloyd’s Agent.

In witness whereof the company has signed for and on behalf of the company.
PLACE :

DATE : For.IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance Co. Ltd.

Authorised Signatory

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

Policy Wording
[ IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No:
PREMIUM INSTALLMENT CLAUSE

1. The Assured shall pay to the Insurers the premium, service tax and stamp duty as mentioned in the Schedule
of the policy and so long as the Assureds perform and observe all their obligations here under other than in
regard to the payment of the premium as stipulated in the within policy, the Insurers as a matter of facility to
the Assureds, agree to accept payment of premium by quarterly installments as below.
Installment Amount:

GST

Total Amount

Payable on or before

2rd Installment

3" Installment

4t Installment

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding clause, upon non-payment of any installment on its due date,
this policy shall cease to operate from the time and date of the default in payment of the installment and no
liability shall attach under this policy for any loss or damage occurring there after, nor shall any refund of
premium become due under the policy.

3. Additionally, in the event of Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss or Arranged Total Loss or Compromised
Total Loss of the vessel during the currency of this policy from any cause, whatsoever, all the subsequent
installments shall immediately become due and payable notwithstanding anything to the contrary hereinabove
contained.

NOTE: IT IS NOT OBLIGATORY ON THE PART OF THE INSURERS TO GIVE ANY NOTICE TO THE
ASSUREDS FOR PAYMENT OF PREMIUM INSTALLMENT.

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No.
Alc

Vessel :

Conditions :
The cover granted is subject to the following clauses attached hereto :

Institute War & Strike Clause Hull Time -1.11.95

Cancellation Returns Only

Institute Radioactive Contamination Exclusion Clause

Tug holding valid license for trading from competent authority.

Premium Installment Clause.

Special Premium Adjustment and Cancellation Clause

Submission of satisfactory Condition and Valuation Report from the competent Surveyors.

Trading Warranties :

1. Current London Warranties (as attached )
2. Deletions (if applicable ) : In condition of payment of additional premium as required the following
countries/areas appearing in the trading warranties are hereby deleted-

As per the advices from the Insured, the policy is assigned in favour of

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0009V01202223
In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0010V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 2 of 2

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0013V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0014V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 2 of 2

FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa

insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0011V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) — Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.

b)  Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0012V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third party
insurance policy for two wheelers’ Page 2 of 2

AN SECU CIBCICCCRCICACLSE cea
“INSURANCE REGULATORY AND

insleri DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA

Ref. No. IRDAI/INT/GDL/MISC/202/9/2022 Date: 28.09.2022

Guidelines in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directorship
among Intermediary or Insurance intermediary

I. The Authority is in receipt of more than one application from entities belonging to the same
group (Group shall be as defined under Section 2(g) of IRDAI (Investment) Regulations, 2016)
for Certificate of Registration (CoR) to act as an intermediary or insurance intermediary as
defined under Section 2(f) of IRDAI Act, 1999. To address the issue relating to conflict of
interest arising out of common directorship amongst registered intermediaries or insurance
intermediaries, the following guidelines are issued:

2. Where;

a. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, the Authority has granted/is
granting CoR for more than one entity under the same Group to act as an intermediary
or insurance intermediary.

b. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, there are common directors
existing/being appointed from within the same group companies or across groups.

the maximum number of directorship shall be as required under Section 165 of the Companies
Act, 2013.

3. Where common directors are appointed, in compliance to Section 165 of Companies Act,
2013, amongst intermediary or insurance intermediary under same group or different groups,
the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall ensure:

a. A Board approved policy to deal with transactions with related parties as defined under
Section 2 (76) of the Companies Act, 2013.

b. All related party transactions among the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall
comply with the provisions of Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable
Accounting Standard AS 18.

c. The Statutory Auditor of the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall certify the
compliance of the requirement under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 to IRDAI as
at the end of the financial year, by September 30 of the subsequent financial year.

\y

aa qf. 115/1, i Bere, THRTTST, ZetraTe-500 032, UIA Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad-500 032, India
© : +91-40-2020 4000 aararez : www.irdai, gov.in @ : +91-40-2020 4000 Website : www.irdai.gov.in
d. The Intermediary or insurance intermediary shall file a communication with IRDAI, on the
appointment of common director within 30 days of such appointment.

e. The common director(s) shall comply with the requirement under Section 184 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the disclosure shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

f, No common directors) of an intermediary or insurance intermediary shall hold the
position of KMP/CEO/ Principal Officer/Whole-time Director with another intermediary
or insurance intermediary. However, it is clarified that the person can hold the position
of non-Executive Director.

g. The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

h. The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

i. The intermediary or insurance intermediary which is appointing the common director
shall also inform the other intermediary or insurance intermediary wherever this director
is already on their board, for the purpose of compliance with these guidelines.

j. An undertaking to the Authority as per attached format, along with a copy of Board
Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions, shall be submitted by all the
intermediaries or insurance intermediaries where the common director is appointed on
the board.

4. These guidelines are issued in exercise of powers under clause (e) of sub section (2) of Section
14 of.the IRDA Act, 1999, and Regulation 32 of IRDAI (Registration of Corporate Agents)
Regulations, 2015.

This is issued with the approval of Competent Authority.

Chief Genetal Manager
fon company letter head)
Undertaking by CEO in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directors

We are a Corporate Agent/Insurance Broker/ (Intermediary or Insurance
Intermediary) holding the Certificate of Registration (CoR) bearing No i
CoR Category
directors.

valid till . We have the following common

PARTICULARS OF COMMON DIRECTORS
Name of Director
a DIN

Designation/
Role

Name of Insurance
Intermediary / Insurer

Designation/ Role

We submit, in respect of Board Approved Policy, Disclosure and Non-Executive role of the
common directors, the following:

(1) Board Approved Policy

a. We have put in place the Board Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions as
defined in Section 2(76) read with Section 188 of the Companies Act 2013, transacted
between intermediaries or insurance intermediaries who have been issued Certificate of
Registration (CoR) by IRDAI. Copy of the policy is submitted herewith.

b. All related party transactions between the intermediaries or insurance intermediaries will
be placed before the Board of the intermediaries as required under the Companies Act,
2013.

(ID ‘Disclosures :
a. The common director{s) shall provide general notice of disclosures of their nature of
interest and their relatives in accordance with provisions of Section 184 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

b. Disclosures provided by the common director(s) shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

Wa
cin

Non-Executive Role of Common Director{s):

The common director(s) is/are not holding the position of KMP, Principal Officer,
Whole-time Director or CEO in more than one intermediary or insurance intermediary.

Common director{s) has/have been appointed only as non-Executive Director(s) on the
Board of other intermediary(ies).

The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

We hereby undertake to ensure that conflict of interest situations are avoided at all times.

Place:
Date:

Signature of CEO
Name:
Seal
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

E-Bike Package Policy

UIN: IRDAN106P0002V01201112

This Policy is evidence of the contract between You and Us. The Proposal alongwith any
written statement of Yours for purpose of this Policy forms part of this contract.

This Policy witnesses that in consideration of Your having paid the premium, We will
insure Your insured vehicle(s) specified as operative in the Schedule during the Policy
Period and according We will indemnify you in respect of events occurring during the
Period of Insurance in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Policy provided that
all the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything
to be done or complied with by you have been met.

The Schedule shall form part of this Policy and the term Policy whenever used as
including the Schedule.

Any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of
this Policy or of Schedule shall bear such meaning whenever it may appear.

Your Policy is based on information, which You have given Us and the truth of these
information shall be condition precedent to Your right to recover under this Policy.

1. General Definitions -

1. Proposal
It mean any signed Proposal by filling up the questionnaires and declaration(s),
written statements and any information in addition thereto supplied to Us by You or
on Your behalf.

2. Policy
It means the Policy booklet, the Schedule and any applicable endorsement or
memoranda. Your Policy contains details of the extent of cover available to You,
what is excluded form the cover and the conditions, warranties, provisions on which
the Policy is issued.

3. Schedule
It means the latest Schedule issued by Us as part of Your Policy. It provides details
of Section(s), Extension(s) and Endorsement(s) of Your Policy which are in force,
and the level of cover you have. A revised schedule will be sent at each renewal.

4. Endorsement
It means any alteration made to the Policy which has been agreed to by Us in writing.

5. Sum Insured
It means the monetary amounts shown as Insured Declared Value alongwith any
other cost incurred in the purchase of Your vehicle.

E- Bike Package Policy -1-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

6. Insured Declared Value:-

a) The Insured’s is Declared Value of the Vehicle is deemed to be the Sum Insured
for the purpose of this policy and it will be fixed at the commencement of each
policy period for each Insured Vehicle.

b) The IDV is fixed on the basis of Manufacturer's listed selling price of the model,
alongwith that of side car, accessories and applicable aged wise depreciation or
any other criteria as agreed between you and us is applicable for the purpose of
Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss (TL/CTL) claims only. A vehicle will be
considered to be a CTL, where the aggregate cost of retrieval and/ or repair of
the Vehicle subject to the terms and condition of the policy exceeds 75% of the
IDV.

AGE OF THE VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION FOR
FIXING IDV
Upto 1 Year 10

1 Year to 2 Year
2 Year to 3 Year
3 Year to 4 Year
4 Year to 5 Year
Above 5 Year

7. We/Our/Us
It means Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company Limited.

8. You/Your/Yours
It means the persons/entities named as the Insured in the Schedule.

9. Insured Person
It means You, Your partners, directors and employee(s) working with you in
connection with your business, company.

10. What is Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are covered under the Policy and
for which We have liability in the event of claim occurrence.

11.What is Not Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are not covered under the Policy
and for which We have no liability in the event of claim occurrence.

12. Damage/Damaged
It means loss of or damage to the insured vehicle including accessories.

13. Accident/ Accidental
It means a fortuitous event or circumstance which is sudden, unexpected and
unintentional including resultant continuous intermittent or repeated exposure arising
out of the same fortuitous event or circumstance.

14. Excess
It means the first part of any claim for which You are responsible. Any Sum

E- Bike Package Policy -2-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

Insured/Limit will apply after the Excess has been deducted.

15. Geographical Limits
It means within Indian territory, unless otherwise specified.

16. Policy Period/Period of Insurance
It means the period commencing from the effective date and hour as shown in the

Schedule and terminating on the expiry date as shown in the Schedule.

17. Currency of the Policy
It means (for consideration of any claim) currency of that Section or part of Section,
extension(s), endorsement(s) to which the claim relates.

18. Additional Benefits
It means the coverage which are granted to You apart from the main covers under
the Section, for which no additional premium is required to be paid by you.

19. Extensions
It means optional coverages which are available to You apart from the main covers
and Additional Benefits under the Section, which You can choose to take on
payment of necessary additional premium.

20. Accessories
It means parts of your Vehicle which are not directly related to direct functioning of
the vehicle in its drive. This includes in-car entertainment, such as radios, and
communication equipment which form part of Your Vehicle, as well as portable
phones while they are connected to a power source in Your Vehicle, and also non
electrical/ electrical items such as seat cover, mats and/or other likewise furnishings.

21. Certificate of Insurance
It means the document issued by us in accordance with the existing applicable Rules
in force which proves that You have the motor insurance.

22. Event
It means any one event or series of events arising out of one common cause or
source in connection with the Motor Vehicle.

23. Claim
It means our liability to You under the Policy arising out of Event(s) covered under
the scope of the Policy.

24. Motor Vehicle
It means the vehicle We are insuring for You. This includes standard tools, options
and accessories while they are in or on Your Vehicle.

25. Driver
It means any person including You who whilst driving at the time of accident is above
16 (Sixteen) years in age.

E- Bike Package Policy -3-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
26. Terrorism
Any act including, but not limited to, use of force or violence and / or the threat
thereof, of any person or groups of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
connection with any organization or government, committed for political, religious,
ideological or similar purpose, including the intention to influence any government
and / or to put the public, or any section of the public in fear.

COVERAGE
Section 1. - Own Damage
WHAT IS COVERED

In the event of damage caused by Insured
perils listed hereunder and subject to its

not

being otherwise excluded, We will

indemnify you against such damage to
your insured Vehicle,

Insured Perils:-

1.

2.
3.
4

8.
9.
10.
11.

12.

Fire

Lighting

Explosion, Self Ignition

Theft, Theft or Attempted Theft
involving violent and forcible means,
Robbery, Dacoity

Riot and Strike

Earthquake (Fire and shock damage)
Flood, Typhoon, Hurricane, Strom,
Tempest, Inundation, Cyclone,
Hailstorm, Frost.

Accidental external means.

Malicious Act

Terrorist Activity

Whilst in transit by Road, Rail, Inland
Waterway, Lift, Elevator or Air
Landslide, Rockslide

WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for:-
1. a) An excess 5% of the claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs,. 250/-
(Two Hundred and Fifty) in case of
partial loss claims.

b) An excess of 5% of the claim
amount subject to a minimum of Rs.
1000/- (One Thousand) only in case of
total loss claims.

Damage to tyres and tubes unless the
vehicle is damaged at the same time.
Damage to accessories by Insured
peril No. 4; unless the vehicle is stolen
at the same time.

Any accidental damage suffered whilst
the driver driving the vehicle with Your
knowledge and consent is under the
influence of intoxicating liquor or
drugs.

Wear and tear:-

Damage caused by wear and tear,
depreciation and/or gradual
deterioration.

Mechanicall Electrical Breakdowns,
failure or breakages.

Consequential loss:-

Consequential loss of any kind or
description including any reduction of
Market Value beyond the cost of repair
or replacement

Matching of Items:-

The cost of repair or replacement of
any undamaged or unbroken items or
item forming part of a set of items or
other items of uniform nature, colour
or design when the damage or
breakage occurs within a_ clearly
identifiable area or to a specific part
and replacement can not be matched

E- Bike Package Policy
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112

Com]

‘Muskurate Raho

Section 2 —- Liability to Third Party
WHAT IS COVERED

We will indemnify You in the event of an
accident caused by or arising out of the
use of insured vehicle against all sums
including claimant’s costs and expenses
which you shall become legally liable to
pay in respect of :-

1. Accidental death of or bodily injury to
any person.

2. Damage to property other than the
property belonging to you or in your
custody, control.

We will also pay all the costs and

expenses incurred with our consent.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for
1. An excess of 5% of claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs. 250/-
(Two hundred fifty only).

. Any claim towards insured person or
their family in/on the insured vehicle.

. Any claim arising from the Employer's
liability or contractual liability or
through special promises made by
insured person or on their behalf.

. Any claim liability arising directly or

indirectly from or due to:

a) Any wilful malicious or unlawful
act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

. Any death, injury or damage caused or
arising beyond the limits of any
carriageway or thorough fare in
connection with the bringing of the
load to the vehicle or loading thereon
or the taking away of the load from the
vehicle after unloading there from.
1.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Subject to the terms and conditions, limitations of the indemnity granted by this
section to you, We will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle with your
consent, provided that such driver shall as though he/she was the insured, observe,
fulfill and be subject to the terms, exception and conditions of this policy in so far as
they apply.

In the event of death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy, We will in
respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal
representative in terms of and subject to the limitation of this Policy provided that
such personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured
observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions and the condition of this Policy
in so far as they apply.

We may at our own option

a) arrange for representation at any Inquest or fatal inquiry in respect of any death
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and

b) undertake the defence of proceeding in any court of law in respect of any act or
alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of
indemnity under this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -5-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
“puskurate Rake
Section 3. Personal Accident
Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.
WHAT IS COVERED

We undertake to pay compensation for
bodily injury/death sustained by the
insured person(s) in direct connection with
the insured vehicle whilst mounting into/
dismounting from or travelling in/on the
insured vehicle caused by violent,
accidental external means — which
independent of any other cause shall
within six calendar months of such injury
result in death or disablement as described
in the table below.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for

1. Any claim arising from or due to
a) Any willful malicious or unlawful

act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

2. Any claims arising or resulting from a
traceable to intentional self injury,
suicide or attempted suicide, physical
defect or infirmity.

3. Any claim exceeding the sum of Rs 1
lac in respect of any Insured person.

4. More than one Claim in respect of
items (i) to (iv) as described in the
table.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
IFFCO-TOKIO

muskurate Raho

Section 3. Personal Accident

Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.

Nature of injury

| (i) Death

(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb
and sight of one eye .

(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye

(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other
than named above.

Scale of compensation

100%

100%

50%

100%

GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
6.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Confiscation:-
Any Damage due to confiscation, commandeering, requisition, detention or
destruction by order of any Goverernment or lawfully constituted authority.

Nuclear Risk:-

Any Damage to insured vehicle, consequential loss, legal liability or bodily injury,

illness, disease directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising form:

a) lonising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from
any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel.

b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or hazardous properties of any nuclear assembly
or nuclear component.

Existing Damage:-
Any damage, injury, accident, disease or illness occurring before the cover
commences under the Policy.

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS:-

1. Insured Vehicle requisition by Government (Applicable to Section 1 and 2)
If your insured vehicle is requisitioned by the Government, they will automatically be
held covered during the period of requisition and we will pay you for any damage
during that period if any, in excess of the amount(s) made by the Government
2. Transportation of Damaged Vehicle (Applicable to Section 1
In the event of Vehicle disabled by reason of Damage covered under the Policy, we
will pay you the reasonable cost of protection and removal to nearest repairer and
redelivery to you but not exceeding in all Rs 500/- (Five Hundred) in respect of any
one Accident
3. Temporary Repairs (Applicable to Section 1
You may authorize the repair of the insured vehicle necessitated by damage covered
under the Policy provided that:-
a) The estimated cost of such repair including replacement, if any does not exceed
Rs. 1000/- (One Thousand) for any one Accident;
b) You furnish us with a detailed estimation of the cost of repairs;
c) In our opinion, such repair or replacement is necessary and the charges are
reasonable.
EXTENSIONS

IME. 1. Accessories

(Items fitted in or on the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer's listed selling price
of the vehicle)

We will pay you for damage to such Accessories both Electrical/Electronic and non
electrical/ electronic as specified in the schedule whilst it/these, is/are fitted in or on the
vehicle insured where such damage is due to any of the insured perils mentioned in the

policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -7-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
E IFFCO-TOKIO ]
suakvrate Rake
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for damage to accessories due to Electrical/Mechanical breakdown.

IME. 2. Reliability Trials and Rallies

We will pay you for accidental damage to the vehicle whilst the vehicle insured _ is
ENGAGE” IN 0... eee ceeeeeeeee *. to be held at ........ **...on or about the date of ..../../ ........
under the auspices of ... sees ee

WHAT IS NOT COVERED:-
We will not be liable during the period of such reliability Trails and Rallies for

(a) Any damage to vehicle of ................. # (Promoters of Event)

(b) Accident Damage of the Insured Vehicle during the use for organized racing,
pace making or speed testing.

(c) Death of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or
getting on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of
the event out of which any claim arises.

(d) An @XxCeSS Of RS.(......cccccc cece eec eee e eee neeneeneeen eae ) under the section 1 of the policy

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

If we make any payment in settlement of any claim, and such payment includes the
amount for which you are responsible by reason of this Extension, you will repay to
us forthwith the amount for which you are so responsible.

* To insert the name of the event.
** To insert the venue of the event.
# To insert the name of the Promoters of the event.

GENERAL CONDITIONS

1. Reasonable Precaution and Care of Motor Vehicle:-

a) You shall take all reasonable precautions for safety and soundness of insured
vehicle and to prevent damage in order to minimise claims. You must comply
with manufacturer's recommended actions for inspection and maintenance and
shall also comply with all statutory requirements or other regulations and will
employ only competent employees.

b) We shall have at all time free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part
there of and/or any driver or your employee.

c) In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left
unattended without proper precautions being undertaken to prevent further
damage and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected,
any extension of the damage or any further damage to the vehicle shall be
entirely at your own risk.

2. Notice:-
You will give every notice and communication in writing to Our office through which
this insurance is effected.

E- Bike Package Policy -8-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
3. Mis-Description:-
This Policy shall be void and all premium paid by you to Us shall be forfeited in the
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or concealment/non-disclosure of any
material information.

4. Change in Circumstances:-

You must inform Us, as soon as reasonably possible, of any change in information
you have provided to Us about yourself, your Business, Your employees and/or your
vehicle, and driver, location which may affect the insurance cover provided e.g.
change in colour, fitting of extra installation etc. You must also notify Us about
alteration made or change in information as described aforesaid whereby risk of
Damage or Accident is increased. In case of such alteration or changes made and
not accepted by Us in writing, all covers under this Policy shall cease.

5. Claim Procedure and Requirements:-
An event, which might become a claim under the Policy, must be reported to Us as
soon as possible. A written statement of the claim will be required and a Claim form
will be provided. This written statement of claim along with supporting documentation
(estimates, vouchers, invoices, proof, investigation report and the like) prepared at
your expenses along with particulars of other insurance covering the same risk must
be delivered to Us within 15 days of date of Damage.

The Police must be informed of any theft, attempted theft or Damage caused by
rioters, strikers, malicious persons or vandals or of any other criminal act. They must
also be informed of the loss of any subject matter of risk. You shall also take
practicable steps to apprehend the guilty person and recover the vehicle and/or its
accessories lost.

If any person is claiming against you, your family or your employee, every letter,
claim writ, summon, process information or any verbal notice of claim shall be
forwarded to Us without delay. You, Your Family or any person on your behalf must
not attempt to negotiate any claim, nor admit or repudiate any claim without Our
consent. You shall give all possible assistance to enable Us to settle or resist any
claim or to institute proceedings.

6. Claim Control:-
a) Weare entitled to:

i) enter any place under your control where Damage has occurred and take
possession of the such place and insured vehicle or any accessory(s) and
deal with salvage, but this does not mean that vehicle can be abandoned to
Us.

ii) receive all necessary information, proof of Damage and assistance from You
and from any other person seeking benefit under this Policy.

iii) take over and conduct in your name or any person seeking benefit under this
Policy, defence or settlement of any claim.

iv) take proceedings at Our own expenses and for Our own benefit, but in Your
name or any other person who is claiming or has received benefit, to recover
any payment made or due under this Policy.

b) No admission, offer, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by you or on
your behalf without our written consent.

E- Bike Package Policy -9-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year
Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year
Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year
Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

70%
E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year

Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year

Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year

Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

Nil

5%

10%

15%

25%
35 %

50%

70%

E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
9.

10.

11.

‘muskurate Rake

Fraud:-
If a claim is fraudulent on account of fraudulent means or action used by You or on
Your behalf, all benefits and rights under this Policy shall be forfeited.

Contribution:-
If, when any claim arises, there is any other insurance covering the same matter
(property, interest, liability, cost), We will pay only our rateable proportion.

Cancellation:-

We may cancel this Policy by sending 7 (Seven) days notice in writing by recorded
delivery to You at Your last Known address. You will then be entitled to a pro-rata
refund of premium for the un-expired period of this Policy from the data of
cancellation, which we are liable to pay on demand.

In the event of no claim preferred on us, You may cancel this Policy by sending
7(Seven) days written notice to Us. We will then allow a refund after retaining the
premium based on following short period table.
Period of Cover upto

1 Month

3 Month

6 Month
Refund of Annual Premium
Rate (%)

75%

50%

25%

Exceeding 6 month Nil

Any refund of the premium is subject to retention of minimum premium of Rs. 100/-
(One Hundred).

12. Arbitration:-
Should any dispute arise between Us and you on quantum of amount payable
(liability being admitted by Us), such dispute will be referred to Arbitrator to be
appointed in accordance with statutory provisions of the country in force at the time,
Further, ifMwhen and dispute is referable/referred to Arbitration, the making of an
award by Arbitrator(s) shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit by
you against Us.

Disclaimer Clause:-

If We shall disclaim Our liability in any claim, and such claim shall not have been
made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law within 12 months from the date of
disclaimer, then the claims shall for all purposes be deemed to have been
abandoned and shall not thereafter under this Policy.

13. No sum payable under this Policy shall carry any interest/penalty.

14. All claims shall be settled in India Rupees.

E- Bike Package Policy -11-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
15.

16.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Jurisdiction of Court:-
The provision of this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being
in force. The parties hereto unconditionally subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts in
India.

Legal Representative: -

In the event of the death of any person as mentioned in the schedule the sole
insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of
three months from the date of the death of such person or until the expiry of this
policy (whichever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of the such sole
person insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply
to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance
policy for the Motor Vehicle.

Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new
policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to Us accordingly
within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by:-

a) Death Certificate in respect of the such sole person insured
b) Proof of title to the vehicle
c) Original Policy.

WARRANTIES

It is warranted —

1. That Our liability for any one claim in respect of any insured vehicle including
accessories specified in the Schedule including any additional costs and
expenses payable in connection with that insured vehicle (unless specifically
expressed as being payable in addition to the Sum Insured) shall not exceed the
Sum Insured set against such vehicle or in the whole the total sum Insured or
such other sum(s) as may be substituted for it by Endorsement signed by on Our
behalf.

2. That whenever Your vehicle is left unattended, the vehicle will be properly
secured and all keys for the vehicle shall be kept in safe custody. It is provided
that breach of this warranty shall not be a bar to any claim for loss or damage
caused other than by Insured peril (No.) 4 under “what is covered”

3. The insured Vehicle including accessories:
a) maintained in a good and substantial state of repair.
b) used for private use as defined in “limitation as to use” in the schedule

4. All the coverages under this policy including those mentioned in the Additional
Benefits, Extension are subject to perils, the terms, conditions, definitions,
warranties, exclusion(s) unless mentioned otherwise.

E- Bike Package Policy -12-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
co,

ENDORSEMENT

IMG. 1. Hire Purchase Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ........... (hereinafter referred to as the Owners)
are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is subject of an Hire
Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one part and You on the
other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Owners are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to us in respect of such damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect
Your rights and liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy.

IMG. 2. Lease Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ................6 (hereinafter referred to as the
Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the
subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and You on
the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Lessors as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to Us in respect of such loss or damage. It is also understood and
agreed that notwithstanding any provision in the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this
policy is issued to You namely .............. as the principal party and not as agent or
trustee and nothing herein contained shall be construed as constituting You as an agent
or trustee for the Lessors or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by You to the
Lessors, of his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein
shall be construed as_ creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue We in
any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the
rights and liabilities of the insured or We respectively under or in connection with this
Policy.

IMG. 3. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement

It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated
With ...... eee (hereinafter referred to as the "Pledgee") and it is further understood
and agreed that the Pledgee is_ interested in any monies which but for this
Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy in respect of such loss or
damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement
of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as they are the Pledgee
of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to Us in respect
of such loss or damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or affect

Your the rights or liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy or
any term, provision or condition thereof.

Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -13-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
FH

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third part
insurance policy for two wheelers’

Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection for bundled cover for Two wheelers
Wording
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223

In the event of accidental damage / loss to the insured vehicle under section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/
Standalone Motor OD Policy, we will indemnify for the Equated Monthly Installments (EMI) due, subject to following
conditions:

1. The EMls will be paid by us, as per the option chosen by the Insured and mentioned on the schedule, based
on the number of days the insured vehicle remains in the garage and the time excess (No.of Days beyond
which IFFCO-Tokio is liable to pay)of the chosen option.

2. The EMls will be paid from the date and time the repair work commences at authorized garage with due
approval from IFFCO-Tokio after the insured vehicle is made available for repair. If spare parts are not
available, then those number of days will not be accounted for.

3. This cover is available only in policies attached with Endorsement IMT -7 of India Motor Tariff (Vehicles
Subject to Hypothecation Agreement)

4. The loan account statement and the amortization schedule as on date of claim from the financial institution or
bank is submitted to Us.

5. The number of days at the garage would be calculated till the date that the repairs have been completed and
vehicle is ready for re-inspection.

6. This Add-On shall not be transferred in the event of sale of vehicle.

7. The cover under this Add-On is available only for one claim incident during the policy period.

What is not covered:
We will not be liable for:
1. Any amount which is due because of default or non-payment or delayed payment.
2. Any other consequential loss or charges associated with the loan payment such as late payment
charges, pre-payment charges or other documentation charges.
3. Unless the loan statement account from the financial institution or bank is submitted.
4. Any claim if the vehicle is assessed as Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss, unless otherwise
agreed by us.
5. Any claim where the Auto Loan is closed by the Insured prior to the date of loss during the policy
period.
6. Any claim which is non-admissible under Section 1 of Standard Motor Package Policy/ Standalone
Motor OD Policy

Wording — Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) Protection Page 1of1
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0034V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg No. 106

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Bundled cover with one year term for own damage and five years motor third pa
insurance policy for two wheelers’
Wording
Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers
UIN: IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223

What is covered: -

We will pay you for the cost of replacement of your damaged or destroyed Helmet or its child parts (of same type, make and size) in the
event of loss or damage to it due to the following perils:

Accidental damage

Fire, Lightening, Riot, Strike, Malicious Act, Terrorist activity
Flood, Inundation, Storm, Hurricane, Typhoon, Earthquake
Theft along with Insured Vehicle

The loss or damage to the helmet due to the above perils must be as a result of an accident / Theft of the Insured vehicle and its claim
being admissible under the own damage section of the policy.

Terms and conditions:

Only 1 (one) claim per policy year shall be payable under this add-on.

Only 1 (one) helmet which confirms to the prevailing safety standards laid down by the government or public local authority can be
covered under the add-on.

3. Deductible: 5% of the sum insured of helmet subject to a minimum of Rs 250/-.

4. All replacements to be from manufacturer authorized service center.

5. Original bill of the purchase of replacement items required.
6

7

ie

The broken/damaged helmet should be surrendered to Us in case of damage.
Maximum liability shall be limited to the Sum Insured specified in the schedule.

What is not covered :

1. No claim is admissible where the Insured helmet did not confirm to the safety standards laid down by the Government or public
local authority.

2. No claim for helmet shall be admissible unless there is an admissible claim for the vehicle insured.

3. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet and its damaged items are not available for inspection, if required.(not for theft claims)

4. We will not pay for any claim if Theft of helmet (along with the insured vehicle) has not been reported to the Police and written
confirmation has not been received.

5. Any damage due to deterioration, wear and tear, minor scratching or loss of aesthetic value of the helmet shall not be payable.

6. We will not pay for any claim if the Helmet is Insured under any other Policy.

Definition of Helmet - Helmet means a protective head gear in terms of section 129 of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988.

Wording — Helmet Cover for bundled cover for Two wheelers Page 1 of 1
UIN:IRDAN106RP0007V01201819/A0030V01202223
IFFCO TOKIO General Insurance Company Limited. CIN: U74899DL2000PLC107621, IRDA Reg. No. 106

Vine jy Tee Aer de feo toe

Azadi xa ES INSURANCE REGULATORY AND
Amrit Mahotsav incleii, DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA
Ref: IRDAI/F&I/GDL/MISC/219/10/2022 Date: 17 October, 2022

Guidelines on Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India by an

Insurance Company registered outside India

The Authority (IRDAI) had laid down framework for approval of opening of Liaison Office
in India by Insurance Companies registered outside India (Overseas Insurer), vide circular
ref: 30/IRDA/CIR/Lia Off/Dec-05 dt. 07.12.2005 and the Guidelines for closure of Liaison
Office established in India by Overseas Insurer, issued vide ref: IRDA/024/Closure-
FLO/2007-08 dt. 17.07.2007. The stipulations/ directions have been reviewed and the
following guidelines are issued on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India
by an Insurance Company registered outside India’. These guidelines shall be effective
from the date of issue and shall supersede all the earlier instructions/guidelines issued
on the subject by the Authority.

1. Liaison Office

A “Liaison Office” (LO) would mean a place of office to act as a channel of communication
between the Principal place of business or Head Office (HO) by whatever name called of
an Overseas Insurer and entities in India but which does not undertake any commercial/
trading/ soliciting/ industrial activity, directly or indirectly, and maintains itself out of foreign
remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking channels.

2. Eligibility norms for opening a Liaison office:

The Overseas Insurer applying for opening of LO should have a financially sound track
record. A profit making track record during the immediately preceding three financial
years in the home country and net worth of not less than USD 65 million shall be the
minimum requirement for applying for opening a Liaison office in India. (Net worth shall
mean Total of paid-up capital and free reserves, less intangible assets as per the latest
Audited Balance Sheet or Account Statement certified by a Certified Public Accountant
or Chartered Accountant or any Registered Accounts Practitioner by whatever name
called of the home country).

a4 4, 1151, wreefdrra Riera, aTHTTET, SaTTATA-500 032, sea | Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanaktamguda, Hyderabad-600 032, India
© :+91-40-20204000 sarge : www.irdai.gov.in ® : +91-40-20204000 Website: www.irdai.gov.in
3. Application and Approval process:

a) The Overseas Insurer desirous of opening a Liaison office shall apply to the

b

aS

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in Form IRDAI-FIC-1
(Annexure |), along with the following documents. A processing fee of 6000 USD
(non-refundable) by way of DD/Pay Order or through online transfer in favour of
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India shall be paid along with

the application.

i. Copy of Certificate of registration of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country insurance regulator).

ii. | Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country authority).

iii | Details of subsidiaries and associate companies.

iv. Copies of Memorandum and Articles of Association or any other charter
document.

v. Copy of latest Audited Financial statements.

vi. Certificate from the home country insurance regulator that the applicant is
duly authorized as an insurer and is permitted to open a Liaison office in
India.

vii. A Letter of Comfort from applicant Overseas Insurer confirming to provide
necessary financial support to Liaison office (Annexure Il).

viii. A Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant Overseas Insurer
confirming the authorization provided to the Authorized official for signing
and submitting Form IRDAI-FIC-1.

The Authority shall, after exercising due diligence in respect of the applicant
Overseas Insurer's background and satisfying itself regarding adherence to the
eligibility criteria for establishing LO, grant approval for opening of LO or reject the
application. An applicant whose application for grant of approval for opening of
Liaison Office is rejected by the Authority, may approach the Authority for review
of its decision within 30 days from the date of receipt of the communication.
c)

d

7

g)

The Authority, before granting approval for opening of LO, may seek the views of
Ministry of External Affairs, in respect of an application received from Overseas

Insurer incorporated in a country, which shares land border with India.

The validity of an approval granted by the Authority shall be for a period of three
years. An Overseas Insurer may request the Authority for extension of the approval
for another one year. The Authority may consider such request, provided the LO
has complied with all the terms and conditions stipulated in these guidelines and
communicated by the Authority in the initial approval letter. The application for
extension has to be submitted with all the information as given in IRDAI-FIC-1
format mentioning “Application for Extension of validity of Liaison Office”, at least
two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the first approval, along with
a processing fee (non-refundable) of USD 2500

The permission granted for opening / extension of LO shall be subject to such

additional terms and conditions as may be stipulated by the Authority from time to
time.

An Overseas Insurer which has been granted approval by the Authority for opening
of LO in India shall establish such office within six months from the date of approval
of the Authority. In case such office is not established within a period of six months,
the approval granted by the Authority shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

Overseas Insurers which have opened/started Liaison Offices in India within a
period of three years prior to the date of these guidelines may apply for extension
of approval for a further period of one year in terms of these guidelines.

Overseas Insurers which have been already granted an extension of approval to
continue their Liaison offices and have been operating their LOs for more than
3 years as on the date of these guidelines shall close the LO within a period of six
months in terms of these guidelines.
4. Permitted activities for a Liaison Office of Overseas Insurer in India:

a)
b)

¢)

Representing the Overseas Insurer in India.
Carrying out market research/ feasibility study in the field of insurance.
Acting as a communication channel between the Overseas Insurer and entities in

India.

5. Conditions for Approval:

a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

9)

The LO shall not carry on any activity other than the activity for which approval has
been granted by IRDAI.

The entire expenses of the LO in India will be met exclusively out of the inward
foreign remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking
channels.

The LO in India shall not borrow or lend any money from/ to any person in India
nor shall it accept deposits in India.

The LO in India shall not acquire, hold, (otherwise than by way of lease for a period
not exceeding three years) transfer or dispose of any immovable property in India.
The LO in India shall not enter into any contracts, except to the extent required for
the purpose of the normal functioning of the LO for which the approval is granted
by IRDAI.

The LO in India will not have any signing/ commitment powers, except to the extent
required for normal functioning of the office, on behalf of the Head Office.

The LO in India shall obtain Permanent Account Number (PAN) from the Income
Tax Authorities on setting up their office in India.

The LO in India shall register with the Registrar of Companies (ROCs) if such
registration is required under the Companies Act, 2013.

The LO in India and the Overseas Insurer shall be required to comply with the
terms and conditions of the General Permission granted by RBI under the Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and any other law in force, as amended from

time to time.
i)

The LO in India shall have to strictly obey and respect the laws in force in India
and there shall be no compromise or excuse for ignorance of the Indian legal
system in any manner.

Principal Officer of LO in India shall act as a Nodal officer and shall be responsible
for ensuring compliance of these guidelines and any other directions issued by the
Authority from time to time. Name, Address, Contact No. and E-mail Id of the
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
appointment. Any change in the Principal Officer / change in contact details of
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
such change.

The officials of a Liaison office of Overseas Insurer shall not participate in the
management of any other entity in India.

m) In case of any regulatory action initiated by the home country insurance regulator

q)

on the Overseas Insurer, LO shall inform the details to IRDAI within 15 days from
the date of action initiated.

The approval for Liaison Office granted to an entity shall not be transferable to
another entity under any circumstances including on account of
acquisitions/mergers.

Change in the name of the existing LO may be permitted by the Authority, if an
application to this effect is filed along with the Board resolution and relevant
documents/certificate from the home country insurance regulator.

Where change in name is requested on account of acquisitions or mergers
involving change in ownership, the acquired entity or new entity is required to apply
afresh by closing the existing LO. At any point of time, not more than one LO under
the same management of the Overseas Insurer shall operate in India.

The activities/ affairs of LO may be verified/ examined by IRDAI by carrying out an
inspection/investigation as and when found necessary.

Any adverse findings reported by an auditor or noticed by the HO in respect of the
LO shall be reported to the Authority within 15 days of such findings.
6. Books and Records to be maintained by LO:

a)

b)

c)

LO shall maintain only one bank account for its receipts and payments. If the
existing LOs have opened multiple bank accounts as on the date of these
guidelines, such accounts shall be closed within 3 months or seek specific
approval from IRDAI justifying the reasons to have multiple bank accounts.
Proper books of accounts and records reflecting the funds received from HO and
expenses incurred by the LO shall also be maintained.

A Balance Sheet, Statement of Income and Expenditure and a Statement of
Receipts and Payments (Cash Flow Statement) signed by an independent
Chartered Accountant and the Principal Officer of the Liaison Office in India shall
be furnished to the Authority within 60 days from the end of every financial year.

7. Annual Activity Certificate by LO:

a) The LO shall submit Annual Activity Certificate (Annexure III), from an independent

Chartered Accountant or the Company Secretary certifying that

the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority,

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the
remittances received from HO for the said purpose,

there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and
any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal
operations of the LO.
b) The Annual Activity Certificate shall be furnished to the Authority by the LO within 60
days from the end of financial year along with a statement showing details of the research
activities/studies undertaken and the information/reports shared with the HO during the

reporting financial year by the LO, duly certified by the Principal officer of the LO.

c) All Liaison offices existing on the date of these guidelines shall be liable to furnish the

returns/reports/certificates to the Authority as specified in these guidelines.

8. Closure of LO

a) Requests for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted to the Authority in form IRDA-
FIC-2 (Annexure IV), at least two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the

approval.

b) The LO shall, at least two months before the closure of its operations in India, publish
a public notice informing the proposed closure of its operations in India, in at least one
English daily newspaper circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India and in

one newspaper published in the regional language of the state where the LO is situated.

c) The application for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted along with the following
documents:

i) Copy of IRDAI’s permission for establishing the Liaison office in India.

ii) Copy of the public notices issued in the newspapers informing the proposed closure

of LO’s operations in India.

iii) An independent Chartered Accountant's certificate:

1. Indicating the manner in which the remittable amount has been arrived at and
supported by a statement of assets and liabilities of the LO and indicating the
manner of disposal of assets;

2. Certifying that all liabilities in India such as taxes/duties, arrears of gratuity and
other benefits to employees, rent, etc. of the office have been either fully met or
adequately provided for;

3. Certifying that no proceeds accruing from sources outside India have remained
un-repatriated to India
iv) Confirmation from the Overseas Insurer that no legal proceedings in any court in
India are pending against the Liaison Office and there is no legal impediment to the
closure/ remittance.

v) A report from the Registrar of Companies regarding compliance with the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, in case of winding up of the LO in India, wherever applicable.

d) Approval for closure and remittance of proceeds shall be granted provided the Liaison
Office has submitted the Annual Activity Certificate for all the years for which it was in
operation in India. The remittances shall be made subject to the terms and conditions of
RBI / FEMA/ CBDT directions in force from time to time.

e) The Authority shall grant approval for Closure of an LO of an Overseas Insurer and
shall also intimate the RBI regarding Closure of the LO.

f) If the Overseas Insurer intends to open a branch office (FRB) or form a joint
venture/subsidiary for insurance operations in India, the existing LO in India, if any, of the
Overseas Insurer shall be closed down at the time of obtaining the approval for opening

of the branch office (FRB) / joint venture entity / subsidiary from the Authority.

g) Overseas Insurer having LO in India and also a joint venture partner in insurance
company in India on the date of issue of these guidelines, shall close the LO within six
months from the date of issue of these guidelines. Application for closure of LO has to be
submitted to the Authority along with the required documents, at least two months before
the end of the six months’ period.

9. Action in case of default or non-compliance:

a. If any LO, which is required under these guidelines, or other instructions/guidelines
issued by the Authority from time to time, -
i. to furnish any document, statement, account, return or report to the Authority,
fails to furnish the same;
ii. does not cooperate the inspection/investigating Authority appointed by
IRDAI/RBI/Govt. of India; or
iii, to comply with the directions, fails to comply with such directions;
iv. fails to comply with the terms and conditions of approval granted by the
Authority;

the Authority may, at any time, withdraw the approval granted to LO. The Authority
shall seek an explanation and provide an opportunity of being heard to the LO, before
withdrawal of such approval.

b. The Authority may also direct the Overseas Insurer to remove the Principal Officer
of the LO in India and share the action initiated against the LO of the Overseas

Insurer with the home country insurance regulator.

These guidelines are issued by the Authority under the provisions of section 14 (1) of the
IRDA Act, 1999.

4

—T
~ Member (F&I)
Annexure |
IRDAI-FIC-1

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for establishing a Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Full Name of the Insurance Company

Place and Date of Incorporation (Copy of Certificate of
Incorporation to be enclosed)

Registration No. (Copy of Certificate of Registration by
Home Country Insurance Regulator to be enclosed)
Countries in which the company and its subsidiaries

2 operate
3 No. of liaison offices operated in other countries
D Financial Position

Sthhatiia af than annlinant RAmRARnY (Ciemill imitaAd
Certificate from the home country insurance regulator
that the applicant is duly authorized as an insurer and
is permitted to open a Liaison Office in India.

2

Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant
comnany confirming the authorization provided to the

We hereby declare that:

i) The particulars given above are true and correct to the best of our knowledge and belief;

ii) We shall confine our activities in India to the fields indicated in column G 2 above;

iii) We shall abide by the terms and conditions that may be stipulated by Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India, if approval is given;

iv) Liaison office and its officials will not directly or indirectly involve in the process of
business solicitation.

Place: (Signature of Authorized Official of the Applicant Company)
Name:
Date: Designation:

12
Annexure II

Format of the Letter of Comfort

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowili,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,
Sub: Application for establishment of Liaison office in India

This has reference to our application dt. submitted to the Authority for
establishment of Liaison Office in India.

2. In this connection, we, (the applicant company) undertake
to provide the necessary financial support for our Liaison office in India. Any liability that

may arise due to the functioning of the Liaison office in India will be met by us in case of
inability on part of the Liaison office to do so.

3. We are also enclosing the financial background of our company in the form of our latest
three years Audited Financial Statements certified by a Certified Public Accountant /
Chartered Accountant.

Yours faithfully,

( )
Authorized official of the Applicant Company

Place: Name:

Date: Designation:

13
Annexure III

Format of Annual Activity Certificate for Liaison office of Insurance company

registered outside India

Annual Activity Certificate of Liaison office of Insurance
company

for the Financial Year

This certificate has been issued in connection with Clause 7 of IRDAI Guidelines
ref: dt. on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in
India by an Insurance Company registered outside India” in respect of Liaison

Office of (Name of the Insurance company) functioning at
(Address of Liaison office).

A) Statement showing details of the research activities/studies undertaken and the
information/reports shared with the Head Office (HO) during the reporting financial
year by the Liaison office (LO), duly certified by the Principal officer of
the LO, is attached herewith.

B) On the basis of records produced and explanations provided to us, we hereby
certify that

a) the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority

toy
~~

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the receipts
received from HO for the said purpose,

c) there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

d) the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from. HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and

any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,

14
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

e) the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal

operations of the LO.

Place: Chartered Accountant/Company Secretary
Name:

Date:
Membership No.

15
Annexure IV

IRDAI-FIC-2

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for Closure of Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Name of the Insurance company

Details

Declaration:

We hereby declare that the particulars given above and the documents submitted
herewith are true and correct to the best of my / our knowledge and belief.

Place: (Signature of Principal officer of Liaison office)
Date: Name:

Documents attached:

16
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

MARINE HULL WAR RISK INSURANCE POLICY

Policy No
Issuing Office

WHEREAS the ASSURED named in the schedule hereto, have represented to IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance
Company Ltd. ( hereinafter called the ‘Company’) that they are interested in or duly authorized to make the
insurance mentioned and described and have paid or agreed to pay the premium hereinafter stated.

THE COMPANY HEREBY PROMISES AND AGREES with the Assured, their Executors, Administrators and
Assigns that the Company will insure against loss, damage, liability or expense subject to the clause,
endorsements, conditions and warranties contained in the schedule and /or attached hereto.

SCHEDULE
Interest

Sum Insured

Rate

Hull & Machinery

So Valued

Gross Premium

Less : Owners Discount @ 10 %

Net Annual Premium
Premium {Prov.) In INR

1st Installment

Add : GST

Add : Stamp Duty

Total Premium (1* Installment)

Trading Warranties

NOTICE OF LOSS: In the event of loss or damage which may involve a claim under this Insurance, immediate

notice thereof and application for survey should be given to the Policy Issuing Office and when abroad, also to the
nearest Lloyd’s Agent.

In witness whereof the company has signed for and on behalf of the company.
PLACE :

DATE : For.IFFCO-TOKIO General Insurance Co. Ltd.

Authorised Signatory

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

Policy Wording
[ IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No:
PREMIUM INSTALLMENT CLAUSE

1. The Assured shall pay to the Insurers the premium, service tax and stamp duty as mentioned in the Schedule
of the policy and so long as the Assureds perform and observe all their obligations here under other than in
regard to the payment of the premium as stipulated in the within policy, the Insurers as a matter of facility to
the Assureds, agree to accept payment of premium by quarterly installments as below.
Installment Amount:

GST

Total Amount

Payable on or before

2rd Installment

3" Installment

4t Installment

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding clause, upon non-payment of any installment on its due date,
this policy shall cease to operate from the time and date of the default in payment of the installment and no
liability shall attach under this policy for any loss or damage occurring there after, nor shall any refund of
premium become due under the policy.

3. Additionally, in the event of Total Loss or Constructive Total Loss or Arranged Total Loss or Compromised
Total Loss of the vessel during the currency of this policy from any cause, whatsoever, all the subsequent
installments shall immediately become due and payable notwithstanding anything to the contrary hereinabove
contained.

NOTE: IT IS NOT OBLIGATORY ON THE PART OF THE INSURERS TO GIVE ANY NOTICE TO THE
ASSUREDS FOR PAYMENT OF PREMIUM INSTALLMENT.

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02
Policy Wording
IFFGO-TOKIO

GENERAL INSURANCE

muskurat e Kaho

Attached to & forming part of Policy No.
Alc

Vessel :

Conditions :
The cover granted is subject to the following clauses attached hereto :

Institute War & Strike Clause Hull Time -1.11.95

Cancellation Returns Only

Institute Radioactive Contamination Exclusion Clause

Tug holding valid license for trading from competent authority.

Premium Installment Clause.

Special Premium Adjustment and Cancellation Clause

Submission of satisfactory Condition and Valuation Report from the competent Surveyors.

Trading Warranties :

1. Current London Warranties (as attached )
2. Deletions (if applicable ) : In condition of payment of additional premium as required the following
countries/areas appearing in the trading warranties are hereby deleted-

As per the advices from the Insured, the policy is assigned in favour of

UIN Marine Hull - Hull War policy: ITGI-MH-01 & ITGI-MH-02

FRO

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0009V01202223
In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0001V01201920/A0010V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Stand-Alone Motor Own Damage for Two Wheeler’ Page 2 of 2

FRI

IFFCO-TOKIO GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD

Regd. Office: IFFCO Sadan, C-1, Distt. Centre, Saket, New Delhi-110017

Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’
Wording

CONSUMABLE COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0013V01202223

In the event of Accidental Damage to the Insured Vehicle(s) as per coverage under Standard Motor Package Policy, We will provide
cost of any Consumable item including engine oil, coolants or any such item, which needs to be replaced if such replacement/repair
is necessary and it does not result in any aggravation, corrosion or consequential loss.

Definition - Consumable Items - It means those article(s) or substance(s) which have specific uses and when applied to their
respective uses are either consumed totally or rendered unfit for continuous and permanent use. These items include nut, bolts,
screw, washers, grease, coolants, lubricants, clip, engine oil, break oil or any other oil, oil filters, fuel filters, AC gas, bearings, battery
water, sealant, gaskets and the like.
What is not covered: -
We will not be liable for:
a) Any claim unless the liability is accepted under Own Damage Section of Standard Motor Package Policy except stated
otherwise.
b) — Anyclaim wherein the delay in replacement/repair results in corrosion, aggravation or consequential loss of whatsoever nature.

c) Any liability on more than per unit basis in case of fastener.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 1 of 2

NSURANGE

LOSS OF KEY COVER
UIN: IRDAN106RP0013V01200001/A0014V01202223

In the event of loss of keys of the insured vehicle and/or damage to the lock system of the vehicle due to accidental damage or theft
or attempted theft, then We will pay the cost of vehicle keys, locks including repair and replacement charges, as may deem fit.

Definition - Keys - It means keys of Your vehicle as insured under the Standard Motor Package Policy.
What is not covered: -

We will not be liable for:
a) Key(s)/ Lock system which are otherwise covered under Manufacturer's Warranty.
b) Any damage to keys or locks due to wear and tear, any climatic condition, mechanical or electrical breakdown.

Special Provisions:

a) We will be liable only if theft or attempted theft has been reported to the Police and written confirmation has been received.
b) The coverage is applicable for boot keys and ignition keys.

Wording - Motor Add-ons for ‘Motor Cycle/ Scooter B Policy’ Page 2 of 2

