Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

E-Bike Package Policy

UIN: IRDAN106P0002V01201112

This Policy is evidence of the contract between You and Us. The Proposal alongwith any
written statement of Yours for purpose of this Policy forms part of this contract.

This Policy witnesses that in consideration of Your having paid the premium, We will
insure Your insured vehicle(s) specified as operative in the Schedule during the Policy
Period and according We will indemnify you in respect of events occurring during the
Period of Insurance in the manner and to the extent set forth in the Policy provided that
all the terms, conditions and exceptions of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything
to be done or complied with by you have been met.

The Schedule shall form part of this Policy and the term Policy whenever used as
including the Schedule.

Any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of
this Policy or of Schedule shall bear such meaning whenever it may appear.

Your Policy is based on information, which You have given Us and the truth of these
information shall be condition precedent to Your right to recover under this Policy.

1. General Definitions -

1. Proposal
It mean any signed Proposal by filling up the questionnaires and declaration(s),
written statements and any information in addition thereto supplied to Us by You or
on Your behalf.

2. Policy
It means the Policy booklet, the Schedule and any applicable endorsement or
memoranda. Your Policy contains details of the extent of cover available to You,
what is excluded form the cover and the conditions, warranties, provisions on which
the Policy is issued.

3. Schedule
It means the latest Schedule issued by Us as part of Your Policy. It provides details
of Section(s), Extension(s) and Endorsement(s) of Your Policy which are in force,
and the level of cover you have. A revised schedule will be sent at each renewal.

4. Endorsement
It means any alteration made to the Policy which has been agreed to by Us in writing.

5. Sum Insured
It means the monetary amounts shown as Insured Declared Value alongwith any
other cost incurred in the purchase of Your vehicle.

E- Bike Package Policy -1-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

6. Insured Declared Value:-

a) The Insured’s is Declared Value of the Vehicle is deemed to be the Sum Insured
for the purpose of this policy and it will be fixed at the commencement of each
policy period for each Insured Vehicle.

b) The IDV is fixed on the basis of Manufacturer's listed selling price of the model,
alongwith that of side car, accessories and applicable aged wise depreciation or
any other criteria as agreed between you and us is applicable for the purpose of
Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss (TL/CTL) claims only. A vehicle will be
considered to be a CTL, where the aggregate cost of retrieval and/ or repair of
the Vehicle subject to the terms and condition of the policy exceeds 75% of the
IDV.

AGE OF THE VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION FOR
FIXING IDV
Upto 1 Year 10

1 Year to 2 Year
2 Year to 3 Year
3 Year to 4 Year
4 Year to 5 Year
Above 5 Year

7. We/Our/Us
It means Iffco Tokio General Insurance Company Limited.

8. You/Your/Yours
It means the persons/entities named as the Insured in the Schedule.

9. Insured Person
It means You, Your partners, directors and employee(s) working with you in
connection with your business, company.

10. What is Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are covered under the Policy and
for which We have liability in the event of claim occurrence.

11.What is Not Covered
It means the damages/perils/contingencies which are not covered under the Policy
and for which We have no liability in the event of claim occurrence.

12. Damage/Damaged
It means loss of or damage to the insured vehicle including accessories.

13. Accident/ Accidental
It means a fortuitous event or circumstance which is sudden, unexpected and
unintentional including resultant continuous intermittent or repeated exposure arising
out of the same fortuitous event or circumstance.

14. Excess
It means the first part of any claim for which You are responsible. Any Sum

E- Bike Package Policy -2-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

Insured/Limit will apply after the Excess has been deducted.

15. Geographical Limits
It means within Indian territory, unless otherwise specified.

16. Policy Period/Period of Insurance
It means the period commencing from the effective date and hour as shown in the

Schedule and terminating on the expiry date as shown in the Schedule.

17. Currency of the Policy
It means (for consideration of any claim) currency of that Section or part of Section,
extension(s), endorsement(s) to which the claim relates.

18. Additional Benefits
It means the coverage which are granted to You apart from the main covers under
the Section, for which no additional premium is required to be paid by you.

19. Extensions
It means optional coverages which are available to You apart from the main covers
and Additional Benefits under the Section, which You can choose to take on
payment of necessary additional premium.

20. Accessories
It means parts of your Vehicle which are not directly related to direct functioning of
the vehicle in its drive. This includes in-car entertainment, such as radios, and
communication equipment which form part of Your Vehicle, as well as portable
phones while they are connected to a power source in Your Vehicle, and also non
electrical/ electrical items such as seat cover, mats and/or other likewise furnishings.

21. Certificate of Insurance
It means the document issued by us in accordance with the existing applicable Rules
in force which proves that You have the motor insurance.

22. Event
It means any one event or series of events arising out of one common cause or
source in connection with the Motor Vehicle.

23. Claim
It means our liability to You under the Policy arising out of Event(s) covered under
the scope of the Policy.

24. Motor Vehicle
It means the vehicle We are insuring for You. This includes standard tools, options
and accessories while they are in or on Your Vehicle.

25. Driver
It means any person including You who whilst driving at the time of accident is above
16 (Sixteen) years in age.

E- Bike Package Policy -3-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
26. Terrorism
Any act including, but not limited to, use of force or violence and / or the threat
thereof, of any person or groups of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in
connection with any organization or government, committed for political, religious,
ideological or similar purpose, including the intention to influence any government
and / or to put the public, or any section of the public in fear.

COVERAGE
Section 1. - Own Damage
WHAT IS COVERED

In the event of damage caused by Insured
perils listed hereunder and subject to its

not

being otherwise excluded, We will

indemnify you against such damage to
your insured Vehicle,

Insured Perils:-

1.

2.
3.
4

8.
9.
10.
11.

12.

Fire

Lighting

Explosion, Self Ignition

Theft, Theft or Attempted Theft
involving violent and forcible means,
Robbery, Dacoity

Riot and Strike

Earthquake (Fire and shock damage)
Flood, Typhoon, Hurricane, Strom,
Tempest, Inundation, Cyclone,
Hailstorm, Frost.

Accidental external means.

Malicious Act

Terrorist Activity

Whilst in transit by Road, Rail, Inland
Waterway, Lift, Elevator or Air
Landslide, Rockslide

WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for:-
1. a) An excess 5% of the claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs,. 250/-
(Two Hundred and Fifty) in case of
partial loss claims.

b) An excess of 5% of the claim
amount subject to a minimum of Rs.
1000/- (One Thousand) only in case of
total loss claims.

Damage to tyres and tubes unless the
vehicle is damaged at the same time.
Damage to accessories by Insured
peril No. 4; unless the vehicle is stolen
at the same time.

Any accidental damage suffered whilst
the driver driving the vehicle with Your
knowledge and consent is under the
influence of intoxicating liquor or
drugs.

Wear and tear:-

Damage caused by wear and tear,
depreciation and/or gradual
deterioration.

Mechanicall Electrical Breakdowns,
failure or breakages.

Consequential loss:-

Consequential loss of any kind or
description including any reduction of
Market Value beyond the cost of repair
or replacement

Matching of Items:-

The cost of repair or replacement of
any undamaged or unbroken items or
item forming part of a set of items or
other items of uniform nature, colour
or design when the damage or
breakage occurs within a_ clearly
identifiable area or to a specific part
and replacement can not be matched

E- Bike Package Policy
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112

Com]

‘Muskurate Raho

Section 2 —- Liability to Third Party
WHAT IS COVERED

We will indemnify You in the event of an
accident caused by or arising out of the
use of insured vehicle against all sums
including claimant’s costs and expenses
which you shall become legally liable to
pay in respect of :-

1. Accidental death of or bodily injury to
any person.

2. Damage to property other than the
property belonging to you or in your
custody, control.

We will also pay all the costs and

expenses incurred with our consent.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for
1. An excess of 5% of claim amount

subject to a minimum of Rs. 250/-
(Two hundred fifty only).

. Any claim towards insured person or
their family in/on the insured vehicle.

. Any claim arising from the Employer's
liability or contractual liability or
through special promises made by
insured person or on their behalf.

. Any claim liability arising directly or

indirectly from or due to:

a) Any wilful malicious or unlawful
act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

. Any death, injury or damage caused or
arising beyond the limits of any
carriageway or thorough fare in
connection with the bringing of the
load to the vehicle or loading thereon
or the taking away of the load from the
vehicle after unloading there from.
1.

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Subject to the terms and conditions, limitations of the indemnity granted by this
section to you, We will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle with your
consent, provided that such driver shall as though he/she was the insured, observe,
fulfill and be subject to the terms, exception and conditions of this policy in so far as
they apply.

In the event of death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy, We will in
respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal
representative in terms of and subject to the limitation of this Policy provided that
such personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured
observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions and the condition of this Policy
in so far as they apply.

We may at our own option

a) arrange for representation at any Inquest or fatal inquiry in respect of any death
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and

b) undertake the defence of proceeding in any court of law in respect of any act or
alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of
indemnity under this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -5-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
“puskurate Rake
Section 3. Personal Accident
Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.
WHAT IS COVERED

We undertake to pay compensation for
bodily injury/death sustained by the
insured person(s) in direct connection with
the insured vehicle whilst mounting into/
dismounting from or travelling in/on the
insured vehicle caused by violent,
accidental external means — which
independent of any other cause shall
within six calendar months of such injury
result in death or disablement as described
in the table below.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for

1. Any claim arising from or due to
a) Any willful malicious or unlawful

act.

b) Insanity, the use of any
alcohol/drugs (except as medically
prescribed) or drug addiction.

2. Any claims arising or resulting from a
traceable to intentional self injury,
suicide or attempted suicide, physical
defect or infirmity.

3. Any claim exceeding the sum of Rs 1
lac in respect of any Insured person.

4. More than one Claim in respect of
items (i) to (iv) as described in the
table.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
IFFCO-TOKIO

muskurate Raho

Section 3. Personal Accident

Insured Person:- For the purpose of this section, it means the occupant(s) of the
insured vehicle upto Registered seating capacity of the vehicle including the driver.

Nature of injury

| (i) Death

(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb
and sight of one eye .

(iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye

(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other
than named above.

Scale of compensation

100%

100%

50%

100%

GENERAL EXCEPTIONS(Applicable to all the sections)

1.
2.
3.
4.

Any Accidental Damage outside the Geographical Area.

Any claim arising out of any contractual liability;

If You or any person with Your consent driving the Vehicle is not a driver.

Any accidental damage to your Insured Vehicles whilst Your Vehicle is.

a) Being used for an unlawful purpose or being used otherwise than in accordance
with the ‘Limitations as to Use’ by You or some other person with Your consent.

b) Being driven by any person other than an authorized driver as stated in the
Policy Schedule.

War risk:-

Damage as a consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities
(whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military
or usurped power, confiscation, nationalisation, civil commotion or loot or pillage in
connection therewith.

E- Bike Package Policy -6-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
6.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Confiscation:-
Any Damage due to confiscation, commandeering, requisition, detention or
destruction by order of any Goverernment or lawfully constituted authority.

Nuclear Risk:-

Any Damage to insured vehicle, consequential loss, legal liability or bodily injury,

illness, disease directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising form:

a) lonising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from
any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel.

b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or hazardous properties of any nuclear assembly
or nuclear component.

Existing Damage:-
Any damage, injury, accident, disease or illness occurring before the cover
commences under the Policy.

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS:-

1. Insured Vehicle requisition by Government (Applicable to Section 1 and 2)
If your insured vehicle is requisitioned by the Government, they will automatically be
held covered during the period of requisition and we will pay you for any damage
during that period if any, in excess of the amount(s) made by the Government
2. Transportation of Damaged Vehicle (Applicable to Section 1
In the event of Vehicle disabled by reason of Damage covered under the Policy, we
will pay you the reasonable cost of protection and removal to nearest repairer and
redelivery to you but not exceeding in all Rs 500/- (Five Hundred) in respect of any
one Accident
3. Temporary Repairs (Applicable to Section 1
You may authorize the repair of the insured vehicle necessitated by damage covered
under the Policy provided that:-
a) The estimated cost of such repair including replacement, if any does not exceed
Rs. 1000/- (One Thousand) for any one Accident;
b) You furnish us with a detailed estimation of the cost of repairs;
c) In our opinion, such repair or replacement is necessary and the charges are
reasonable.
EXTENSIONS

IME. 1. Accessories

(Items fitted in or on the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer's listed selling price
of the vehicle)

We will pay you for damage to such Accessories both Electrical/Electronic and non
electrical/ electronic as specified in the schedule whilst it/these, is/are fitted in or on the
vehicle insured where such damage is due to any of the insured perils mentioned in the

policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -7-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
E IFFCO-TOKIO ]
suakvrate Rake
WHAT IS NOT COVERED

We will not be liable for damage to accessories due to Electrical/Mechanical breakdown.

IME. 2. Reliability Trials and Rallies

We will pay you for accidental damage to the vehicle whilst the vehicle insured _ is
ENGAGE” IN 0... eee ceeeeeeeee *. to be held at ........ **...on or about the date of ..../../ ........
under the auspices of ... sees ee

WHAT IS NOT COVERED:-
We will not be liable during the period of such reliability Trails and Rallies for

(a) Any damage to vehicle of ................. # (Promoters of Event)

(b) Accident Damage of the Insured Vehicle during the use for organized racing,
pace making or speed testing.

(c) Death of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or
getting on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of
the event out of which any claim arises.

(d) An @XxCeSS Of RS.(......cccccc cece eec eee e eee neeneeneeen eae ) under the section 1 of the policy

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

If we make any payment in settlement of any claim, and such payment includes the
amount for which you are responsible by reason of this Extension, you will repay to
us forthwith the amount for which you are so responsible.

* To insert the name of the event.
** To insert the venue of the event.
# To insert the name of the Promoters of the event.

GENERAL CONDITIONS

1. Reasonable Precaution and Care of Motor Vehicle:-

a) You shall take all reasonable precautions for safety and soundness of insured
vehicle and to prevent damage in order to minimise claims. You must comply
with manufacturer's recommended actions for inspection and maintenance and
shall also comply with all statutory requirements or other regulations and will
employ only competent employees.

b) We shall have at all time free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part
there of and/or any driver or your employee.

c) In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left
unattended without proper precautions being undertaken to prevent further
damage and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected,
any extension of the damage or any further damage to the vehicle shall be
entirely at your own risk.

2. Notice:-
You will give every notice and communication in writing to Our office through which
this insurance is effected.

E- Bike Package Policy -8-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
c IFFCO-TOKIO |
3. Mis-Description:-
This Policy shall be void and all premium paid by you to Us shall be forfeited in the
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or concealment/non-disclosure of any
material information.

4. Change in Circumstances:-

You must inform Us, as soon as reasonably possible, of any change in information
you have provided to Us about yourself, your Business, Your employees and/or your
vehicle, and driver, location which may affect the insurance cover provided e.g.
change in colour, fitting of extra installation etc. You must also notify Us about
alteration made or change in information as described aforesaid whereby risk of
Damage or Accident is increased. In case of such alteration or changes made and
not accepted by Us in writing, all covers under this Policy shall cease.

5. Claim Procedure and Requirements:-
An event, which might become a claim under the Policy, must be reported to Us as
soon as possible. A written statement of the claim will be required and a Claim form
will be provided. This written statement of claim along with supporting documentation
(estimates, vouchers, invoices, proof, investigation report and the like) prepared at
your expenses along with particulars of other insurance covering the same risk must
be delivered to Us within 15 days of date of Damage.

The Police must be informed of any theft, attempted theft or Damage caused by
rioters, strikers, malicious persons or vandals or of any other criminal act. They must
also be informed of the loss of any subject matter of risk. You shall also take
practicable steps to apprehend the guilty person and recover the vehicle and/or its
accessories lost.

If any person is claiming against you, your family or your employee, every letter,
claim writ, summon, process information or any verbal notice of claim shall be
forwarded to Us without delay. You, Your Family or any person on your behalf must
not attempt to negotiate any claim, nor admit or repudiate any claim without Our
consent. You shall give all possible assistance to enable Us to settle or resist any
claim or to institute proceedings.

6. Claim Control:-
a) Weare entitled to:

i) enter any place under your control where Damage has occurred and take
possession of the such place and insured vehicle or any accessory(s) and
deal with salvage, but this does not mean that vehicle can be abandoned to
Us.

ii) receive all necessary information, proof of Damage and assistance from You
and from any other person seeking benefit under this Policy.

iii) take over and conduct in your name or any person seeking benefit under this
Policy, defence or settlement of any claim.

iv) take proceedings at Our own expenses and for Our own benefit, but in Your
name or any other person who is claiming or has received benefit, to recover
any payment made or due under this Policy.

b) No admission, offer, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by you or on
your behalf without our written consent.

E- Bike Package Policy -9-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year
Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year
Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year
Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

70%
E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
Cer)

‘muskurate Rake

7. Onus of proof:-
In the event of any claim You shall prove that the accident loss or damage arose

independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed
to by or traceable to any of the exclusion(s) in “what is not covered” or any
consequences thereof and in the default of such proof We shall not be liable to make
any payment in respect of such claim.

8. Basis of claim settlement:-
We may at our own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof
and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the damage shall not
exceed:

a. For total loss / constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured’s Declared
Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the
Schedule less the value of the wreck.

(i) It is further understood and clarified that the IDV is the maximum liability
under the policy and if the new replacement value of the similar brand, model
and make is less than the IDV at the time of replacement, then the cost of
such replacement for the vehicle of similar make, model and brand will be
payable in case of total loss of the vehicle.

(ii) In case of total loss of vehicles of more than 1 year in age, the amount
payable will be now replacement value of the vehicle of same model, make
and brand at the time of inception of the Policy less depreciation applicable
as per definition No. 6 for such age old vehicles which is used at arriving at
IDV subject to a maximum of IDV.

b. For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the
vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts
lost/damaged subject to depreciation as following chart.

(1) For all rubber/nylon/plastic parts, tyres, tubes— 50%

(2) For Fiber glass components and batteries — 30%

(3) For all parts made of glass — Nil

(4) Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as
per following schedule:-
Age of the Vehicle

Upto 6 month

Above 6 months but upto 1 year

Beyond 1 year but upto 2 year

Beyond 2 year but upto 3 year

Beyond 3 year but upto 4 year
Beyond 4 year but upto 5 year

Beyond 5 year but upto 10 year

Above 10 year

% of Depreciation

Nil

5%

10%

15%

25%
35 %

50%

70%

E- Bike Package Policy -10-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
9.

10.

11.

‘muskurate Rake

Fraud:-
If a claim is fraudulent on account of fraudulent means or action used by You or on
Your behalf, all benefits and rights under this Policy shall be forfeited.

Contribution:-
If, when any claim arises, there is any other insurance covering the same matter
(property, interest, liability, cost), We will pay only our rateable proportion.

Cancellation:-

We may cancel this Policy by sending 7 (Seven) days notice in writing by recorded
delivery to You at Your last Known address. You will then be entitled to a pro-rata
refund of premium for the un-expired period of this Policy from the data of
cancellation, which we are liable to pay on demand.

In the event of no claim preferred on us, You may cancel this Policy by sending
7(Seven) days written notice to Us. We will then allow a refund after retaining the
premium based on following short period table.
Period of Cover upto

1 Month

3 Month

6 Month
Refund of Annual Premium
Rate (%)

75%

50%

25%

Exceeding 6 month Nil

Any refund of the premium is subject to retention of minimum premium of Rs. 100/-
(One Hundred).

12. Arbitration:-
Should any dispute arise between Us and you on quantum of amount payable
(liability being admitted by Us), such dispute will be referred to Arbitrator to be
appointed in accordance with statutory provisions of the country in force at the time,
Further, ifMwhen and dispute is referable/referred to Arbitration, the making of an
award by Arbitrator(s) shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit by
you against Us.

Disclaimer Clause:-

If We shall disclaim Our liability in any claim, and such claim shall not have been
made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law within 12 months from the date of
disclaimer, then the claims shall for all purposes be deemed to have been
abandoned and shall not thereafter under this Policy.

13. No sum payable under this Policy shall carry any interest/penalty.

14. All claims shall be settled in India Rupees.

E- Bike Package Policy -11-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
15.

16.

c IFFCO-TOKIO |
Jurisdiction of Court:-
The provision of this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being
in force. The parties hereto unconditionally subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts in
India.

Legal Representative: -

In the event of the death of any person as mentioned in the schedule the sole
insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of
three months from the date of the death of such person or until the expiry of this
policy (whichever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of the such sole
person insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply
to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance
policy for the Motor Vehicle.

Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new
policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to Us accordingly
within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by:-

a) Death Certificate in respect of the such sole person insured
b) Proof of title to the vehicle
c) Original Policy.

WARRANTIES

It is warranted —

1. That Our liability for any one claim in respect of any insured vehicle including
accessories specified in the Schedule including any additional costs and
expenses payable in connection with that insured vehicle (unless specifically
expressed as being payable in addition to the Sum Insured) shall not exceed the
Sum Insured set against such vehicle or in the whole the total sum Insured or
such other sum(s) as may be substituted for it by Endorsement signed by on Our
behalf.

2. That whenever Your vehicle is left unattended, the vehicle will be properly
secured and all keys for the vehicle shall be kept in safe custody. It is provided
that breach of this warranty shall not be a bar to any claim for loss or damage
caused other than by Insured peril (No.) 4 under “what is covered”

3. The insured Vehicle including accessories:
a) maintained in a good and substantial state of repair.
b) used for private use as defined in “limitation as to use” in the schedule

4. All the coverages under this policy including those mentioned in the Additional
Benefits, Extension are subject to perils, the terms, conditions, definitions,
warranties, exclusion(s) unless mentioned otherwise.

E- Bike Package Policy -12-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
co,

ENDORSEMENT

IMG. 1. Hire Purchase Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ........... (hereinafter referred to as the Owners)
are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is subject of an Hire
Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one part and You on the
other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Owners are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to us in respect of such damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect
Your rights and liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy.

IMG. 2. Lease Agreement

It is hereby understood and agreed that ................6 (hereinafter referred to as the
Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the
subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and You on
the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are interested in
any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy
in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by
repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Lessors as
long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and
final discharge to Us in respect of such loss or damage. It is also understood and
agreed that notwithstanding any provision in the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this
policy is issued to You namely .............. as the principal party and not as agent or
trustee and nothing herein contained shall be construed as constituting You as an agent
or trustee for the Lessors or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by You to the
Lessors, of his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein
shall be construed as_ creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue We in
any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the
rights and liabilities of the insured or We respectively under or in connection with this
Policy.

IMG. 3. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement

It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to / hypothecated
With ...... eee (hereinafter referred to as the "Pledgee") and it is further understood
and agreed that the Pledgee is_ interested in any monies which but for this
Endorsement would be payable to You under this policy in respect of such loss or
damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement
of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as they are the Pledgee
of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to Us in respect
of such loss or damage.

Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or affect

Your the rights or liabilities or Ours respectively under or in connection with this Policy or
any term, provision or condition thereof.

Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy.

E- Bike Package Policy -13-
UIN:IRDAN106P0002V01201112
