AN SECU CIBCICCCRCICACLSE cea
“INSURANCE REGULATORY AND

insleri DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA

Ref. No. IRDAI/INT/GDL/MISC/202/9/2022 Date: 28.09.2022

Guidelines in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directorship
among Intermediary or Insurance intermediary

I. The Authority is in receipt of more than one application from entities belonging to the same
group (Group shall be as defined under Section 2(g) of IRDAI (Investment) Regulations, 2016)
for Certificate of Registration (CoR) to act as an intermediary or insurance intermediary as
defined under Section 2(f) of IRDAI Act, 1999. To address the issue relating to conflict of
interest arising out of common directorship amongst registered intermediaries or insurance
intermediaries, the following guidelines are issued:

2. Where;

a. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, the Authority has granted/is
granting CoR for more than one entity under the same Group to act as an intermediary
or insurance intermediary.

b. In case of Intermediaries or insurance intermediaries, there are common directors
existing/being appointed from within the same group companies or across groups.
the maximum number of directorship shall be as required under Section 165 of the Companies
Act, 2013.

3. Where common directors are appointed, in compliance to Section 165 of Companies Act,
2013, amongst intermediary or insurance intermediary under same group or different groups,
the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall ensure:

a. A Board approved policy to deal with transactions with related parties as defined under
Section 2 (76) of the Companies Act, 2013.

b. All related party transactions among the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall
comply with the provisions of Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable
Accounting Standard AS 18.

c. The Statutory Auditor of the intermediary or insurance intermediary shall certify the
compliance of the requirement under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 to IRDAI as
at the end of the financial year, by September 30 of the subsequent financial year.

\y
\y

aa qf. 115/1, i Bere, THRTTST, ZetraTe-500 032, UIA Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad-500 032, India
© : +91-40-2020 4000 aararez : www.irdai, gov.in @ : +91-40-2020 4000 Website : www.irdai.gov.in
d. The Intermediary or insurance intermediary shall file a communication with IRDAI, on the
appointment of common director within 30 days of such appointment.

e. The common director(s) shall comply with the requirement under Section 184 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the disclosure shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

f, No common directors) of an intermediary or insurance intermediary shall hold the
position of KMP/CEO/ Principal Officer/Whole-time Director with another intermediary
or insurance intermediary. However, it is clarified that the person can hold the position
of non-Executive Director.

g. The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

h. The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.
i. The intermediary or insurance intermediary which is appointing the common director
shall also inform the other intermediary or insurance intermediary wherever this director
is already on their board, for the purpose of compliance with these guidelines.

j. An undertaking to the Authority as per attached format, along with a copy of Board
Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions, shall be submitted by all the
intermediaries or insurance intermediaries where the common director is appointed on
the board.

4. These guidelines are issued in exercise of powers under clause (e) of sub section (2) of Section
14 of.the IRDA Act, 1999, and Regulation 32 of IRDAI (Registration of Corporate Agents)
Regulations, 2015.

This is issued with the approval of Competent Authority.

Chief Genetal Manager
fon company letter head)
Undertaking by CEO in respect of Conflict of Interest and Common Directors

We are a Corporate Agent/Insurance Broker/ (Intermediary or Insurance
Intermediary) holding the Certificate of Registration (CoR) bearing No i
CoR Category
directors.

valid till . We have the following common

PARTICULARS OF COMMON DIRECTORS
Name of Director
a DIN

Designation/
Role
Designation/
Role

Name of Insurance
Intermediary / Insurer

Designation/ Role

We submit, in respect of Board Approved Policy, Disclosure and Non-Executive role of the
common directors, the following:

(1) Board Approved Policy

a. We have put in place the Board Approved Policy to deal with related party transactions as
defined in Section 2(76) read with Section 188 of the Companies Act 2013, transacted
between intermediaries or insurance intermediaries who have been issued Certificate of
Registration (CoR) by IRDAI. Copy of the policy is submitted herewith.

b. All related party transactions between the intermediaries or insurance intermediaries will
be placed before the Board of the intermediaries as required under the Companies Act,
2013.

(ID ‘Disclosures :
a. The common director{s) shall provide general notice of disclosures of their nature of
interest and their relatives in accordance with provisions of Section 184 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

b. Disclosures provided by the common director(s) shall be placed before the Board and also
recorded in the Register of Director(s).

Wa
cin

Non-Executive Role of Common Director{s):
Wa
cin

Non-Executive Role of Common Director{s):

The common director(s) is/are not holding the position of KMP, Principal Officer,
Whole-time Director or CEO in more than one intermediary or insurance intermediary.

Common director{s) has/have been appointed only as non-Executive Director(s) on the
Board of other intermediary(ies).

The compensation will be paid to the common director{s) in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.

The common director{s) shall abstain from discussion and voting in a situation where
contracts or arrangements between intermediary or insurance intermediary who are
related, are proposed.

We hereby undertake to ensure that conflict of interest situations are avoided at all times.

Place:
Date:

Signature of CEO
Name:
Seal
