Vine jy Tee Aer de feo toe

Azadi xa ES INSURANCE REGULATORY AND
Amrit Mahotsav incleii, DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA
Ref: IRDAI/F&I/GDL/MISC/219/10/2022 Date: 17 October, 2022

Guidelines on Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India by an

Insurance Company registered outside India

The Authority (IRDAI) had laid down framework for approval of opening of Liaison Office
in India by Insurance Companies registered outside India (Overseas Insurer), vide circular
ref: 30/IRDA/CIR/Lia Off/Dec-05 dt. 07.12.2005 and the Guidelines for closure of Liaison
Office established in India by Overseas Insurer, issued vide ref: IRDA/024/Closure-
FLO/2007-08 dt. 17.07.2007. The stipulations/ directions have been reviewed and the
following guidelines are issued on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in India
by an Insurance Company registered outside India’. These guidelines shall be effective
from the date of issue and shall supersede all the earlier instructions/guidelines issued
on the subject by the Authority.

1. Liaison Office
1. Liaison Office

A “Liaison Office” (LO) would mean a place of office to act as a channel of communication
between the Principal place of business or Head Office (HO) by whatever name called of
an Overseas Insurer and entities in India but which does not undertake any commercial/
trading/ soliciting/ industrial activity, directly or indirectly, and maintains itself out of foreign
remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking channels.

2. Eligibility norms for opening a Liaison office:

The Overseas Insurer applying for opening of LO should have a financially sound track
record. A profit making track record during the immediately preceding three financial
years in the home country and net worth of not less than USD 65 million shall be the
minimum requirement for applying for opening a Liaison office in India. (Net worth shall
mean Total of paid-up capital and free reserves, less intangible assets as per the latest
Audited Balance Sheet or Account Statement certified by a Certified Public Accountant
or Chartered Accountant or any Registered Accounts Practitioner by whatever name
called of the home country).
a4 4, 1151, wreefdrra Riera, aTHTTET, SaTTATA-500 032, sea | Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanaktamguda, Hyderabad-600 032, India
© :+91-40-20204000 sarge : www.irdai.gov.in ® : +91-40-20204000 Website: www.irdai.gov.in
3. Application and Approval process:

a) The Overseas Insurer desirous of opening a Liaison office shall apply to the

b

aS

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in Form IRDAI-FIC-1
(Annexure |), along with the following documents. A processing fee of 6000 USD
(non-refundable) by way of DD/Pay Order or through online transfer in favour of
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India shall be paid along with

the application.

i. Copy of Certificate of registration of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country insurance regulator).

ii. | Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of the Overseas Insurer (Certificate by
home country authority).

iii | Details of subsidiaries and associate companies.

iv. Copies of Memorandum and Articles of Association or any other charter
document.

v. Copy of latest Audited Financial statements.
v. Copy of latest Audited Financial statements.

vi. Certificate from the home country insurance regulator that the applicant is
duly authorized as an insurer and is permitted to open a Liaison office in
India.

vii. A Letter of Comfort from applicant Overseas Insurer confirming to provide
necessary financial support to Liaison office (Annexure Il).

viii. A Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant Overseas Insurer
confirming the authorization provided to the Authorized official for signing
and submitting Form IRDAI-FIC-1.

The Authority shall, after exercising due diligence in respect of the applicant
Overseas Insurer's background and satisfying itself regarding adherence to the
eligibility criteria for establishing LO, grant approval for opening of LO or reject the
application. An applicant whose application for grant of approval for opening of
Liaison Office is rejected by the Authority, may approach the Authority for review
of its decision within 30 days from the date of receipt of the communication.
c)

d

7

g)
d

7

g)

The Authority, before granting approval for opening of LO, may seek the views of
Ministry of External Affairs, in respect of an application received from Overseas

Insurer incorporated in a country, which shares land border with India.

The validity of an approval granted by the Authority shall be for a period of three
years. An Overseas Insurer may request the Authority for extension of the approval
for another one year. The Authority may consider such request, provided the LO
has complied with all the terms and conditions stipulated in these guidelines and
communicated by the Authority in the initial approval letter. The application for
extension has to be submitted with all the information as given in IRDAI-FIC-1
format mentioning “Application for Extension of validity of Liaison Office”, at least
two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the first approval, along with
a processing fee (non-refundable) of USD 2500

The permission granted for opening / extension of LO shall be subject to such

additional terms and conditions as may be stipulated by the Authority from time to
time.
An Overseas Insurer which has been granted approval by the Authority for opening
of LO in India shall establish such office within six months from the date of approval
of the Authority. In case such office is not established within a period of six months,
the approval granted by the Authority shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

Overseas Insurers which have opened/started Liaison Offices in India within a
period of three years prior to the date of these guidelines may apply for extension
of approval for a further period of one year in terms of these guidelines.

Overseas Insurers which have been already granted an extension of approval to
continue their Liaison offices and have been operating their LOs for more than
3 years as on the date of these guidelines shall close the LO within a period of six
months in terms of these guidelines.
4. Permitted activities for a Liaison Office of Overseas Insurer in India:

a)
b)

¢)

Representing the Overseas Insurer in India.
Carrying out market research/ feasibility study in the field of insurance.
Acting as a communication channel between the Overseas Insurer and entities in

India.

5. Conditions for Approval:

a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

9)
a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

9)

The LO shall not carry on any activity other than the activity for which approval has
been granted by IRDAI.

The entire expenses of the LO in India will be met exclusively out of the inward
foreign remittances received from the Overseas Insurer through normal banking
channels.

The LO in India shall not borrow or lend any money from/ to any person in India
nor shall it accept deposits in India.

The LO in India shall not acquire, hold, (otherwise than by way of lease for a period
not exceeding three years) transfer or dispose of any immovable property in India.
The LO in India shall not enter into any contracts, except to the extent required for
the purpose of the normal functioning of the LO for which the approval is granted
by IRDAI.

The LO in India will not have any signing/ commitment powers, except to the extent
required for normal functioning of the office, on behalf of the Head Office.

The LO in India shall obtain Permanent Account Number (PAN) from the Income
Tax Authorities on setting up their office in India.

The LO in India shall register with the Registrar of Companies (ROCs) if such
registration is required under the Companies Act, 2013.
The LO in India and the Overseas Insurer shall be required to comply with the
terms and conditions of the General Permission granted by RBI under the Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and any other law in force, as amended from

time to time.
i)

The LO in India shall have to strictly obey and respect the laws in force in India
and there shall be no compromise or excuse for ignorance of the Indian legal
system in any manner.

Principal Officer of LO in India shall act as a Nodal officer and shall be responsible
for ensuring compliance of these guidelines and any other directions issued by the
Authority from time to time. Name, Address, Contact No. and E-mail Id of the
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
appointment. Any change in the Principal Officer / change in contact details of
Principal Officer shall be informed to the Authority within 15 days from the date of
such change.

The officials of a Liaison office of Overseas Insurer shall not participate in the
management of any other entity in India.

m) In case of any regulatory action initiated by the home country insurance regulator

q)
q)

on the Overseas Insurer, LO shall inform the details to IRDAI within 15 days from
the date of action initiated.

The approval for Liaison Office granted to an entity shall not be transferable to
another entity under any circumstances including on account of
acquisitions/mergers.

Change in the name of the existing LO may be permitted by the Authority, if an
application to this effect is filed along with the Board resolution and relevant
documents/certificate from the home country insurance regulator.

Where change in name is requested on account of acquisitions or mergers
involving change in ownership, the acquired entity or new entity is required to apply
afresh by closing the existing LO. At any point of time, not more than one LO under
the same management of the Overseas Insurer shall operate in India.

The activities/ affairs of LO may be verified/ examined by IRDAI by carrying out an
inspection/investigation as and when found necessary.

Any adverse findings reported by an auditor or noticed by the HO in respect of the
LO shall be reported to the Authority within 15 days of such findings.
6. Books and Records to be maintained by LO:

a)

b)

c)
a)

b)

c)

LO shall maintain only one bank account for its receipts and payments. If the
existing LOs have opened multiple bank accounts as on the date of these
guidelines, such accounts shall be closed within 3 months or seek specific
approval from IRDAI justifying the reasons to have multiple bank accounts.
Proper books of accounts and records reflecting the funds received from HO and
expenses incurred by the LO shall also be maintained.

A Balance Sheet, Statement of Income and Expenditure and a Statement of
Receipts and Payments (Cash Flow Statement) signed by an independent
Chartered Accountant and the Principal Officer of the Liaison Office in India shall
be furnished to the Authority within 60 days from the end of every financial year.

7. Annual Activity Certificate by LO:

a) The LO shall submit Annual Activity Certificate (Annexure III), from an independent

Chartered Accountant or the Company Secretary certifying that

the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority,

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the
remittances received from HO for the said purpose,
there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and
any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal
operations of the LO.
b) The Annual Activity Certificate shall be furnished to the Authority by the LO within 60
days from the end of financial year along with a statement showing details of the research
activities/studies undertaken and the information/reports shared with the HO during the

reporting financial year by the LO, duly certified by the Principal officer of the LO.

c) All Liaison offices existing on the date of these guidelines shall be liable to furnish the

returns/reports/certificates to the Authority as specified in these guidelines.

8. Closure of LO
8. Closure of LO

a) Requests for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted to the Authority in form IRDA-
FIC-2 (Annexure IV), at least two months before the date of expiry of the validity of the

approval.

b) The LO shall, at least two months before the closure of its operations in India, publish
a public notice informing the proposed closure of its operations in India, in at least one
English daily newspaper circulating in the whole or substantially the whole of India and in

one newspaper published in the regional language of the state where the LO is situated.

c) The application for closure of Liaison Office shall be submitted along with the following
documents:

i) Copy of IRDAI’s permission for establishing the Liaison office in India.

ii) Copy of the public notices issued in the newspapers informing the proposed closure

of LO’s operations in India.

iii) An independent Chartered Accountant's certificate:

1. Indicating the manner in which the remittable amount has been arrived at and
supported by a statement of assets and liabilities of the LO and indicating the
manner of disposal of assets;
2. Certifying that all liabilities in India such as taxes/duties, arrears of gratuity and
other benefits to employees, rent, etc. of the office have been either fully met or
adequately provided for;

3. Certifying that no proceeds accruing from sources outside India have remained
un-repatriated to India
iv) Confirmation from the Overseas Insurer that no legal proceedings in any court in
India are pending against the Liaison Office and there is no legal impediment to the
closure/ remittance.

v) A report from the Registrar of Companies regarding compliance with the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, in case of winding up of the LO in India, wherever applicable.

d) Approval for closure and remittance of proceeds shall be granted provided the Liaison
Office has submitted the Annual Activity Certificate for all the years for which it was in
operation in India. The remittances shall be made subject to the terms and conditions of
RBI / FEMA/ CBDT directions in force from time to time.

e) The Authority shall grant approval for Closure of an LO of an Overseas Insurer and
shall also intimate the RBI regarding Closure of the LO.
f) If the Overseas Insurer intends to open a branch office (FRB) or form a joint
venture/subsidiary for insurance operations in India, the existing LO in India, if any, of the
Overseas Insurer shall be closed down at the time of obtaining the approval for opening

of the branch office (FRB) / joint venture entity / subsidiary from the Authority.

g) Overseas Insurer having LO in India and also a joint venture partner in insurance
company in India on the date of issue of these guidelines, shall close the LO within six
months from the date of issue of these guidelines. Application for closure of LO has to be
submitted to the Authority along with the required documents, at least two months before
the end of the six months’ period.

9. Action in case of default or non-compliance:
9. Action in case of default or non-compliance:

a. If any LO, which is required under these guidelines, or other instructions/guidelines
issued by the Authority from time to time, -
i. to furnish any document, statement, account, return or report to the Authority,
fails to furnish the same;
ii. does not cooperate the inspection/investigating Authority appointed by
IRDAI/RBI/Govt. of India; or
iii, to comply with the directions, fails to comply with such directions;
iv. fails to comply with the terms and conditions of approval granted by the
Authority;

the Authority may, at any time, withdraw the approval granted to LO. The Authority
shall seek an explanation and provide an opportunity of being heard to the LO, before
withdrawal of such approval.

b. The Authority may also direct the Overseas Insurer to remove the Principal Officer
of the LO in India and share the action initiated against the LO of the Overseas

Insurer with the home country insurance regulator.

These guidelines are issued by the Authority under the provisions of section 14 (1) of the
IRDA Act, 1999.

4

—T
~ Member (F&I)
Annexure |
IRDAI-FIC-1

The Chairman
The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for establishing a Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Full Name of the Insurance Company

Place and Date of Incorporation (Copy of Certificate of
Incorporation to be enclosed)

Registration No. (Copy of Certificate of Registration by
Home Country Insurance Regulator to be enclosed)
Countries in which the company and its subsidiaries

2 operate
3 No. of liaison offices operated in other countries
D Financial Position

Sthhatiia af than annlinant RAmRARnY (Ciemill imitaAd
Certificate from the home country insurance regulator
that the applicant is duly authorized as an insurer and
is permitted to open a Liaison Office in India.

2

Letter / copy of Board resolution of the applicant
comnany confirming the authorization provided to the

We hereby declare that:

i) The particulars given above are true and correct to the best of our knowledge and belief;

ii) We shall confine our activities in India to the fields indicated in column G 2 above;
iii) We shall abide by the terms and conditions that may be stipulated by Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India, if approval is given;

iv) Liaison office and its officials will not directly or indirectly involve in the process of
business solicitation.

Place: (Signature of Authorized Official of the Applicant Company)
Name:
Date: Designation:

12
Annexure II

Format of the Letter of Comfort

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowili,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,
Sub: Application for establishment of Liaison office in India

This has reference to our application dt. submitted to the Authority for
establishment of Liaison Office in India.

2. In this connection, we, (the applicant company) undertake
to provide the necessary financial support for our Liaison office in India. Any liability that

may arise due to the functioning of the Liaison office in India will be met by us in case of
inability on part of the Liaison office to do so.
3. We are also enclosing the financial background of our company in the form of our latest
three years Audited Financial Statements certified by a Certified Public Accountant /
Chartered Accountant.

Yours faithfully,

( )
Authorized official of the Applicant Company

Place: Name:

Date: Designation:

13
Annexure III

Format of Annual Activity Certificate for Liaison office of Insurance company

registered outside India

Annual Activity Certificate of Liaison office of Insurance
company

for the Financial Year

This certificate has been issued in connection with Clause 7 of IRDAI Guidelines
ref: dt. on “Establishment and Closure of Liaison Office in
India by an Insurance Company registered outside India” in respect of Liaison

Office of (Name of the Insurance company) functioning at
(Address of Liaison office).

A) Statement showing details of the research activities/studies undertaken and the
information/reports shared with the Head Office (HO) during the reporting financial
year by the Liaison office (LO), duly certified by the Principal officer of
the LO, is attached herewith.

B) On the basis of records produced and explanations provided to us, we hereby
certify that
a) the LO has undertaken only those activities that have been permitted by the
Authority

toy
~~

the expenses of LO are met by way of approved means, i.e., only from the receipts
received from HO for the said purpose,

c) there are no receipts from HO other than for the expenses of LO,

d) the credits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the funds received
from. HO through normal banking channels for meeting the expenses of LO and

any legitimate receivables (Refund of security deposits, Refund of taxes, duties,

14
etc. received from tax authorities, if any, which were paid from the said bank
account) arising in the process of normal operations of the LO and

e) the debits to the bank account maintained by LO represents the expenses incurred
/ security deposits made / taxes, duties paid by the LO in the process of normal

operations of the LO.

Place: Chartered Accountant/Company Secretary
Name:

Date:
Membership No.

15
Annexure IV

IRDAI-FIC-2

The Chairman

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy No.115/1, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Gachibowli,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,
Hyderabad - 500 032.

Sir,

Re: Application for Closure of Liaison office in India by Insurance company
registered outside India
Sl.
No.

Particulars

Name of the Insurance company

Details

Declaration:

We hereby declare that the particulars given above and the documents submitted
herewith are true and correct to the best of my / our knowledge and belief.

Place: (Signature of Principal officer of Liaison office)
Date: Name:

Documents attached:

16
